
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3955490000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101431                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191875                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              401151207                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003955                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3955490000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      225137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3955479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3955479                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1147006                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  23266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         23266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                37360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               18378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1870217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1870217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3664632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1502293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     143954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7027      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1497877     79.17%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      177      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       210      0.01%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8578      0.45%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      144      0.01%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4448      0.24%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4605      0.24%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   220484     11.65%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143237      7.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4347      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                717      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7514                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2672                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10186                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1825                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    222690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    222690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        13823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.194296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.263112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.194296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.263112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60178.807947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62271.780822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61229.034919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60178.807947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62271.780822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61229.034919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.194296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.194296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58178.807947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60271.780822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59229.034919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58178.807947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60271.780822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59229.034919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    22                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222690000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        13823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.194296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.263112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60178.807947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62271.780822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61229.034919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.194296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58178.807947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60271.780822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59229.034919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2559.610909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 24                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               22                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.090909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.965423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1395.425289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1162.220197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.017734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.039057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055206                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    351342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    351342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25301.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25301.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25301.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25301.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    323570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    323570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    323570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23301.886792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23301.886792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23301.886792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23301.886792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    351342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25301.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25301.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    323570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23301.886792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23301.886792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.626979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1220337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 89.533162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.626979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  232768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19440250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          115968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          116800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              232768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       115968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         115968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29318239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29528579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               58846818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29318239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29318239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29318239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29528579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58846818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1812.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1825.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000561500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8287                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      33216750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                101410500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9133.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27883.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2404                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.781833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.483684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.565135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           453     36.74%     36.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          425     34.47%     71.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          224     18.17%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           59      4.79%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      2.27%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      1.05%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.73%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.73%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  232768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   232768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         58.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      58.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3951376000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1086438.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       115968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       116800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29318238.701147016138                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29528579.265779968351                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1825                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     48641250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     52769250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26843.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28914.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4690980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2493315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13294680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1006546470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         671355840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2010618405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.310830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1735972500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    131895000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2087622500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4112640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2185920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12673500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         612233580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1003414080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1946856840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.191066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2602511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    131881250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1221097500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    264155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29124.035281                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29124.035281                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29124.035281                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29124.035281                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27124.255788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27124.255788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27124.255788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27124.255788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8813                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20626.187140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20626.187140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18626.498521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18626.498521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131673000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    131673000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49744.238761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49744.238761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126379000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126379000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47744.238761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47744.238761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.093820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  325538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.938386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.093820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.961304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.961304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                378206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               378206                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    395115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    395115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.602196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24303.881621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37451.534015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28581.814236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24303.881621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37451.534015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28581.814236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22303.881621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35451.978657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26581.958912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22303.881621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35451.978657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26581.958912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15690                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24303.881621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37451.534015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28581.814236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22303.881621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35451.978657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26581.958912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.322558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.601530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.383591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.193927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.745039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.459363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.384268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                43013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               43013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       827136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1715840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3955490000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7741929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106839                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34308660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   200010                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              413534690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000147                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7741929000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7741918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7741918                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2296611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  40540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         40540                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                64927                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               32124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71291                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3705807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3705807                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7294824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2987565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        738932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12023      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2961764     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      305      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       315      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14440      0.39%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      288      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7956      0.21%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8242      0.22%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  57      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459839     12.28%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270307      7.22%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7815      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                971      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3744489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18836                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6057                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24893                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2517                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4442                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116021000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    273645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    273645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        29335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.092722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.293562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.092722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.293562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60270.649351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62623.758443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61604.007204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60270.649351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62623.758443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61604.007204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    264761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    264761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.092722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.293562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.092722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.293562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58270.649351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60623.758443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59604.007204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58270.649351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60623.758443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59604.007204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    56                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        29335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.092722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.293562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60270.649351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62623.758443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61604.007204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.092722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.293562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58270.649351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60623.758443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59604.007204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3293.543084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               56                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.471416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1613.047793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1678.023875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.025605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.066971                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            38977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           38977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    644931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    644931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21540.781563                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21540.781563                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21540.781563                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21540.781563                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19540.848363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19540.848363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19540.848363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19540.848363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29683                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    644931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21540.781563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21540.781563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19540.848363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19540.848363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.765746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2466795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.104639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.765746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       284288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       284288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  284288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23755750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          123200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          161088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              284288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       123200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         123200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15913347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20807217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               36720564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15913347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15913347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15913347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20807217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              36720564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1925.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2517.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10871                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4442                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4442                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      42222000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                125509500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9505.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28255.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2842                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4442                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     177.680000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.325251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    161.847673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           632     39.50%     39.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          546     34.12%     73.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          270     16.88%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           72      4.50%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      2.12%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.94%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.56%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.56%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  284288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   284288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      36.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7736528000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1741676.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       123200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       161088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15913346.660761162639                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20807217.426044594496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1925                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2517                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51844000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     73665500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26931.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29267.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5119380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2721015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13794480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      610952160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1184373930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1975533600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3792494565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.864292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5124721500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    258440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2358767500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6304620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3350985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17921400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      610952160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1280933640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1894220160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3813682965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.601129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4911702750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    258440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2571786250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    448139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    448139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25750.675171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25750.675171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25750.675171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25750.675171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23750.675171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23750.675171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23750.675171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23750.675171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17147                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19194.225308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19194.225308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17194.225308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17194.225308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204833000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    204833000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43332.557648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43332.557648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195379000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195379000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41332.557648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41332.557648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.938755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  710899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.459089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.938755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756873                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            9178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    646116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    646116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.619648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18402.080724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30796.827618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22024.679575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18402.080724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30796.827618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22024.679575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16402.177054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28796.827618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20024.747750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16402.177054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28796.827618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20024.747750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    646116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18402.080724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30796.827618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22024.679575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16402.177054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28796.827618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20024.747750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.522868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  51770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.555402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.266315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   240.949323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.307230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.470604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                88050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               88050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        59879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  101596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1916096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3472192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           149695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7741929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11628432000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34309184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   202896                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              421825837                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011628                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11628432000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            662864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      417329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            82                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11628421                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11628421                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3407324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  53485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         53485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                85765                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               42549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5539467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5539467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10935029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4458647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      692367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17198      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4424376     79.10%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      488      0.01%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     220      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19500      0.35%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      300      0.01%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10330      0.18%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10776      0.19%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   682148     12.20%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415928      7.44%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10219      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5593227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        32384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           42437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        32384                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10053                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          42437                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2967                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5002                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    309139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    309139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        47439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        47439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.059124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.059124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60260.933661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.802157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61803.078768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60260.933661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.802157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61803.078768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.059124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.059124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58260.933661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.802157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59803.078768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58260.933661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.802157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59803.078768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   127                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        32384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          42437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    309139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        47439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.059124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.105441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60260.933661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.802157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61803.078768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.059124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58260.933661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.802157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59803.078768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3742.612069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.212598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.648082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1705.177887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2034.786100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.031048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.057108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2099                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.074432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            59905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           59905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1006262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1006262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1006262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1006262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20150.226281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20150.226281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20150.226281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20150.226281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    906386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    906386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18150.226281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18150.226281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18150.226281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18150.226281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      49682                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1006262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1006262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20150.226281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20150.226281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    906386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18150.226281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18150.226281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.512487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3648260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.432229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.512487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3962263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3962263                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5002000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           26755500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          130240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          189888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              320128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       130240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         130240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11200134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16329631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27529765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11200134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11200134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11200134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16329631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27529765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2035.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2967.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12989                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5002                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      48536250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    25010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                142323750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9703.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28453.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3152                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5002                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     173.042162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.208145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.343342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           756     40.86%     40.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          632     34.16%     75.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          289     15.62%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           85      4.59%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      2.16%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.92%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.49%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.49%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  320128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   320128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11604943000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2320060.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       130240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       189888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11200134.291536469012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16329630.684515332803                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2035                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2967                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54783500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     87540250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26920.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29504.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5961900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3168825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15486660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      917657520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1483075590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3216412320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5641762815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.169696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8347649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    388180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2892602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7247100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3851925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20227620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      917657520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1571462070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3141981600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5662427835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.946807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8152504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    388180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3087747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    625139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23910.460891                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23910.460891                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23910.460891                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23910.460891                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    572851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    572851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21910.537388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21910.537388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21910.537388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21910.537388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25888                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18616.812339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18616.812339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16616.915167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16616.915167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39289.320388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39289.320388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249652000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249652000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37289.320388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37289.320388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.630346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1050294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 40.570689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.630346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1136334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1136334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             47440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            47440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    915842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    915842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16444.638136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26866.907304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19305.269815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16444.638136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26866.907304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19305.269815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    820964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14444.638136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24867.060902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17305.311973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14444.638136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24867.060902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17305.311973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     53356                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            47440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    915842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16444.638136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26866.907304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19305.269815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14444.638136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24867.060902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17305.311973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.687682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  82850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                53356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.552778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.246455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.208155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.233072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.123528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        99876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2324672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5520704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            126978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           130720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11628432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15471296000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113764                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34309856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212167                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439923812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015471                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15471296000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            98                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5205565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15471285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15471285                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4538415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2480530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       667779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  68014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         68014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               108986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7393151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7393151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14594776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5952621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      937045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22375      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5899609     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      641      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     280      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24826      0.33%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      354      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13176      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   13784      0.18%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923995     12.38%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547377      7.34%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13050      0.17%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1392      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7461563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        43665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           58809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        43665                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15144                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          58809                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5702                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    353699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    353699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        64511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        64511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60642.287857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.690986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60642.287857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.690986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58642.287857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60030.690986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58642.287857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60030.690986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   157                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        43665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          58809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    353699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        64511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60642.287857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.690986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58642.287857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.465116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60030.690986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4113.951270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.140127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.735493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1765.624105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2345.591672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.035791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.062774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.084656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1301149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1301149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1301149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1301149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19684.851511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19684.851511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19684.851511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19684.851511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1168951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1168951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17684.851511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17684.851511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17684.851511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17684.851511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65843                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1301149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1301149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19684.851511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19684.851511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1168951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17684.851511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17684.851511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.881966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5037358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.505597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.881966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5271664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5271664                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       364928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       364928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  364928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           30501750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          228416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              364928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       136512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         136512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8823566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14763857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23587423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8823566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8823566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8823566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14763857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23587423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2133.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3569.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15375                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5702                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5702                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      56624750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                163537250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9930.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28680.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3551                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5702                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.655044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.373416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    153.108024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           889     41.33%     41.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          749     34.82%     76.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          321     14.92%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           89      4.14%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      2.42%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.93%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.42%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.42%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  364928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   364928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15467324000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2712613.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       136512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       228416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8823565.911995995790                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14763856.886973138899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2133                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3569                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58232250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    105305000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27300.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29505.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7332780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3897465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19313700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1961990160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4288863360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7502687145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.942383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11131111750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    516377250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3823807000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8025360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4265580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21398580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1805481840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4420665120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7481126160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.548771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11474284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    516363500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3480647750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    854016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    854016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22817.569734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22817.569734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22817.569734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22817.569734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    779162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    779162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    779162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    779162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20817.623170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20817.623170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20817.623170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20817.623170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    529208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18256.735778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18256.735778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16256.735778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16256.735778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    324808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38479.800971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38479.800971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36480.037910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36480.037910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.467323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1435506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.618977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.467323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1524303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1524303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               39015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              39015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         45798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    720458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1180938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    720458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1180938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          103527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         103527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15731.210970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24606.177194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18305.710565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15731.210970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24606.177194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18305.710565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13731.210970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22606.284065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16305.741567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13731.210970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22606.284065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16305.741567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              39015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    720458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1180938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         103527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15731.210970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24606.177194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18305.710565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13731.210970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22606.284065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16305.741567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.758804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 114619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.582873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.902362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.469944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.386498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.116997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.393333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               189718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              189718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               103527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              103526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  220320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3244416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           330495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            169862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           187135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15471296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19307206000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116514                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34310620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217957                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449870327                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019307                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19307206000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1204418                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      670742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19307195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19307195                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5673049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3094342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               135761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               67483                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180995                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9268821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9268821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18289757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7469604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1203407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28286      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7385128     78.95%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      733      0.01%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     335      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      0.33%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      480      0.01%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16630      0.18%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17348      0.19%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1186954     12.69%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  668854      7.15%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16453      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9354160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        52849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           74722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        52849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21873                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          74722                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4237                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6487                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    402406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    402406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        81209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        81209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62609.865471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62032.680746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62609.865471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62032.680746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60609.865471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60032.680746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60609.865471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60032.680746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   172                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        52849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          74722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    402406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        81209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62609.865471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62032.680746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.162275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60609.865471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60032.680746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4477.696051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.267442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.788045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1819.702602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2655.205403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.040515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.096405                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           100394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          100394                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1545474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1545474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1545474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1545474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19466.614604                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19466.614604                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19466.614604                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19466.614604                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1386692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1386692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17466.614604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17466.614604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17466.614604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17466.614604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      79135                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1545474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1545474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19466.614604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19466.614604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1386692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17466.614604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17466.614604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.104094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6374308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 79135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.549795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.104094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6561216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6561216                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       415168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       415168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  415168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6487000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          271168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              415168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7458355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14044912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21503267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7458355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7458355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7458355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14044912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21503267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2250.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4237.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17931                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64425750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                186057000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9931.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28681.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.734137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.786693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    149.221494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1039     41.73%     41.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          878     35.26%     76.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          355     14.26%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      4.02%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           66      2.65%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.84%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.36%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.36%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  415168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   415168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19260566000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2969102.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       271168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7458355.186141381040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14044911.521636014804                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4237                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     62105500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123951500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27602.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29254.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8053920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4280760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21284340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1523692560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2251966830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5517574080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9326852490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.076241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14322722250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    644540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4339943750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9724680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5168790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25032840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1523692560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2259718260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5511046560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9334383690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.466313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14304218500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    644540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4358447500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1144968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1144968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21935.093299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21935.093299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21935.093299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21935.093299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1040574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1040574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19935.131614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19935.131614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19935.131614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19935.131614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      51941                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    749334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18008.074788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18008.074788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    666114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16008.122852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16008.122852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395634000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    395634000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37369.793143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37369.793143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35369.793143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35369.793143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.970509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1854999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 51941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.713579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.970509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1927303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1927303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1445149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1445149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          131589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         131589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.617149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15407.085428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22834.590785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17795.209950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15407.085428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22834.590785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17795.209950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544014000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13407.085428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20834.667382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15795.234577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13407.085428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20834.667382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15795.234577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1445149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         131589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15407.085428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22834.590785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17795.209950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544014000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13407.085428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20834.667382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15795.234577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.402757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.591377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.333138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.883263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.186357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.482194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240596                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               131589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              131588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       158782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  279991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4416704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5081024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9497728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           396955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            215659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           260985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19307206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23156461000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118185                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34311168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221096                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              456118501                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023156                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23156461000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23156450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23156450                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6781611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3705174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1005783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 100153                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        100153                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               160047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               79691                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      219956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11123278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11123278                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21962245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8966517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33669      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8854585     78.88%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     387      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    35560      0.32%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      778      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19730      0.18%     79.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20525      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438610     12.82%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797606      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19734      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1774      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11224760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        63853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           92529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        63853                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28676                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          92529                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7108                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    441200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    441200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61032.730405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62574.592562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62070.906021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61032.730405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62574.592562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62070.906021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    426984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    426984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59032.730405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60574.592562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60070.906021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59032.730405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60574.592562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60070.906021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   172                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        63853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          92529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61032.730405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62574.592562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62070.906021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    426984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59032.730405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60574.592562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60070.906021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4831.422961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.267442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.823278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1868.493186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2960.106498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.028511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.045168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.073722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6939                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105881                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1822207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1822207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19266.507364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19266.507364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19266.507364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19266.507364                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1633051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1633051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17266.528511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17266.528511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17266.528511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17266.528511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      94322                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1822207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1822207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19266.507364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19266.507364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1633051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17266.528511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17266.528511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.253019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7570366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 94322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.260872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.253019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7863259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7863259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38039500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          148608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          306304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       148608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         148608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6417561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13227583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19645144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6417561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6417561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6417561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13227583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19645144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2322.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20161                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7108                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      70857500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                204132500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9968.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28718.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7108                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     164.168892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    124.862077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    147.208500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1185     42.76%     42.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          975     35.19%     77.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          366     13.21%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      4.15%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           76      2.74%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.83%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.32%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.32%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  454912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   454912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23118748000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3252496.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       148608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       306304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6417560.956313661300                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13227582.574038408697                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2322                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     64290500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    139842000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27687.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29218.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8053920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4280760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21284340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1827939360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2307550380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6948916320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11118025080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.126263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18043383750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    773133500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4339943750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11731020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6235185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29466780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1827939360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2835960900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6503939040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11215272285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.325834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16879580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    773133500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5503747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1399596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1399596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1399596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1399596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21533.239996                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21533.239996                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21533.239996                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21533.239996                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1269602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1269602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19533.239996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19533.239996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19533.239996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19533.239996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64741                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    944274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    944274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17963.246904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17963.246904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    839140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15963.246904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15963.246904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    455322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36630.893001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36630.893001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430462000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430462000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34630.893001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34630.893001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.307868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2188522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.804266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.307868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2324147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2324147                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               59938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              59938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         66176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    724916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1722265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    724916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1722265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          159576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         159576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.624392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15071.158728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21663.857510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17285.222505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15071.158728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21663.857510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17285.222505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    864999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    864999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13071.188951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19663.857510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15285.242578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13071.188951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19663.857510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15285.242578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    111801                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              59938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    724916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1722265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         159576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15071.158728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21663.857510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17285.222505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    864999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13071.188951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19663.857510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15285.242578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.834492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 176739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               111801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.580836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.256874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.032472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.545146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.109877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               291422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              291422                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               159576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              159575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  338684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6052992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           472890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23156461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26978983000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34311600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232746                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              480607199                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026979                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26978983000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699508                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           157                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9064306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26978983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26978983                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7912194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4333576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1174881                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               179667                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               89396                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12950107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12950107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25589716                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10441214                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38192      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10309024     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1041      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       917      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     428      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    39524      0.30%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      834      0.01%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22396      0.17%     79.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23178      0.18%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 229      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676039     12.83%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929309      7.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22229      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1931      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13065287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        76188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        33125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          109313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        76188                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        33125                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         109313                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5173                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7552                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    468911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    468911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.135072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.135072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61154.686843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62521.554224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62090.969280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61154.686843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62521.554224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62090.969280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140729000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.135072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.135072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59154.686843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60521.554224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60090.969280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59154.686843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60521.554224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60090.969280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   178                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        76188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        33125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         109313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    468911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.135072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61154.686843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62521.554224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62090.969280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.135072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59154.686843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60521.554224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60090.969280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5161.138472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             133882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            17.720979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.848317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1912.475123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3245.815031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.049527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.078753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.112564                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           141437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          141437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2142002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2142002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2142002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2142002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19068.493395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19068.493395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19068.493395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19068.493395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1917338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1917338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17068.493395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.493395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17068.493395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.493395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     112076                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2142002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2142002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19068.493395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19068.493395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1917338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17068.493395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.493395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.358855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9064306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                112332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.692109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.358855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9176638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9176638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       483328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       483328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  483328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7552000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          152256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          331072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              483328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       152256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         152256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5643504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           12271478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               17914982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5643504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5643504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5643504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          12271478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              17914982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5173.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22031                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7552                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      75431000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                217031000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9988.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28738.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4576                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.441681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.067869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    146.792242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1316     44.24%     44.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1015     34.12%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          373     12.54%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          128      4.30%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           88      2.96%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.81%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.30%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.30%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  483328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   483328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         17.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      17.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26972153000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3571524.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       152256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       331072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5643504.056472402997                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12271478.135406363755                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2379                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5173                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66155000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    150876000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27807.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29166.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8446620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4485690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22169700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2129112960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2469775800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8280118560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12914109330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         478.672948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21502539750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    900640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4575803250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12802020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6804435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31751580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2129112960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3147563940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7709349600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13037384535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.242253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20010081000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    900640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6068262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1584248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1584248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1584248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1584248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21274.211742                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21274.211742                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21274.211742                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21274.211742                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1435312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1435312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19274.211742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19274.211742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19274.211742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19274.211742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      74212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1075939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17883.138037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17883.138037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    955609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    955609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15883.138037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15883.138037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508309000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    508309000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35538.628260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35538.628260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479703000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479703000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33538.628260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33538.628260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.547618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 74468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.332223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.547618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2705588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2705588                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               69935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              69935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1162100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1973052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1162100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1973052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          186800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         186800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.625616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14791.197322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21174.787195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.172892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14791.197322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21174.787195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.172892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1004966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    734356000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1004966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    734356000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12791.197322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19174.787195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14883.172892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12791.197322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19174.787195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14883.172892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    131074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              69935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1162100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1973052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         186800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14791.197322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21174.787195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.172892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1004966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    734356000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12791.197322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19174.787195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14883.172892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.141313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               131586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.592730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.849615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.073008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   205.218689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.107128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.400818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               341167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              341167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       224664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  396381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6223936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7189248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           561660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            300705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           372340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26978983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
