
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5089455000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80265                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   144834                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              408396685                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005089                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5089455000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205589                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210806                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156161                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5089444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5089444                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688493                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10807      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398896     77.50%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2115      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1900      0.11%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5241      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208981     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142263      7.88%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1721      0.10%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23198                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5435                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28633                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5120                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    408402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    720701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    408402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    720701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.485078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.485078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63872.693150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60995.898438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62593.451450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63872.693150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60995.898438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62593.451450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    697673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    697673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.485078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.485078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61872.693150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58995.898438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60593.451450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61872.693150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58995.898438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60593.451450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8798                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    408402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    720701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.485078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63872.693150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60995.898438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62593.451450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    697673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.485078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61872.693150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58995.898438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60593.451450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2711.233355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              28383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.226074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.619281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1016.015590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1584.598484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.027007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.248051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.386865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.926758                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            60537                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           60537                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1116430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1116430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1116430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1116430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27874.513133                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27874.513133                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27874.513133                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27874.513133                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1036326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1036326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1036326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1036326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25874.513133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25874.513133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25874.513133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25874.513133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39796                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1116430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1116430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27874.513133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27874.513133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1036326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1036326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25874.513133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25874.513133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.025950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1321949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.218138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.025950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.976664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1372843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1372843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       897024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       897024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  897024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            24024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           61809000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          409216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          327680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              736896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       409216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         409216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       160128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           160128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80404680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64384104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              144788784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80404680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80404680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31462701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31462701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31462701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80404680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64384104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             176251485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2339.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4912.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001632550500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           135                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           135                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26352                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2174                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2502                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2502                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     126588250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                338575750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11196.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29946.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1673                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2502                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.355378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.079681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    192.172991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2608     50.73%     50.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1534     29.84%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          453      8.81%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          213      4.14%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          101      1.96%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.26%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.49%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.45%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          119      2.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       83.155556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      57.991872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     141.267443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              86     63.70%     63.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            32     23.70%     87.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      5.93%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      3.70%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.74%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.74%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.74%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.74%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.088889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.060728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.980912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                59     43.70%     43.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      3.70%     47.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                71     52.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  723584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    13312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   147648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   736896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                160128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        142.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     144.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5088260000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      363032.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       409216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       314368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       147648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80404679.872402846813                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61768499.770604126155                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29010571.858872905374                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5120                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2502                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    194946500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    143629250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 117640648000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30488.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28052.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47018644.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18292680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9715200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37327920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6039540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      401359920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1661237070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         555414240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2689386570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.423293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1427165750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    169780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3492509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18442620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9794895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43396920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6003000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      401359920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1642041750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         571578720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2692617825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.058185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1469632500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    169780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3450042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    581494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    602618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34399.787033                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34399.787033                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35011.503602                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35011.503602                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    547688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    547688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    568196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32399.905348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32399.905348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33011.619800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33011.619800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25755.299818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25755.299818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23755.472874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23755.472874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283840000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    283840000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53083.972321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53083.972321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273146000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273146000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51083.972321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51083.972321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21124000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     21124000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68584.415584                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68584.415584                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20508000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20508000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66584.415584                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66584.415584                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.896533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  358750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.158950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.896533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                384117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               384117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    780310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1219584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    780310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1219584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           57264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          57264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.701104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26368.951068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41613.679424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30377.204344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26368.951068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41613.679424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30377.204344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24368.951068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39613.868890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28377.254160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24368.951068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39613.868890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28377.254160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45706                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    780310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1219584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          57264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26368.951068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41613.679424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30377.204344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24368.951068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39613.868890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28377.254160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.271436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.435195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.339366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   236.161028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   175.771042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.186210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.461252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.343303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               112654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              112654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                57264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               57263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           200260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            103124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            86055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5089455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9807323000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34289564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   156841                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              459406536                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1821420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009807                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9807323000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            391924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1821420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      414350                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           340                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      282943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           153                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2439945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9807323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               9807322.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2031557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1201957                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  38128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         38128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                48256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       49674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3318150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3318150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6580871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2695536                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      414226                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        697160                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     282934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15514      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2598594     77.61%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2176      0.06%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     21134      0.63%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     741      0.02%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2857      0.09%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2444      0.07%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7603      0.23%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   411642     12.29%     91.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  262269      7.83%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2584      0.08%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20665      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3348261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        43716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        43716                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14251                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57967                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9618                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25100                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1589437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1589437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        83067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.261529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.402949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.302166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.261529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.402949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.302166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63905.503165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62388.438345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63324.183267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63905.503165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62388.438345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63324.183267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6132                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6132                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    958421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1539237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    958421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1539237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.261529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.402949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.261529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.402949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61905.503165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60388.438345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61324.183267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61905.503165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60388.438345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61324.183267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 24365                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        43716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    989385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1589437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.261529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.402949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.302166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63905.503165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62388.438345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63324.183267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    958421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1539237000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.261529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.402949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61905.503165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60388.438345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61324.183267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3288.673084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              98728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            28342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.483452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   132.756096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1520.605244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1635.311743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.032411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.371242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.399246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.802899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3977                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970947                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           127070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          127070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2357414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2357414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2357414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2357414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30512.736215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30512.736215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30512.736215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30512.736215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2202894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2202894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28512.736215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28512.736215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28512.736215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28512.736215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      77004                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2357414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2357414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30512.736215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30512.736215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2202894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28512.736215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28512.736215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.899800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2439945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.580960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.899800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2517205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2517205                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        56332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        56332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            55760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          135053250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          990848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          615552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1606400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       990848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         990848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       392448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           392448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          101031444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           62764528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              163795972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     101031444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         101031444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        40015813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              40015813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        40015813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         101031444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          62764528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             203811784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5478.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15482.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9043.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001632550500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           318                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           318                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                57549                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5139                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25100                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     575                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    654                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     297479250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   122625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                757323000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12129.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30879.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3932                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25100                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     157.627972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    114.324343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    168.785916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6242     51.35%     51.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3706     30.49%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1104      9.08%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          485      3.99%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          244      2.01%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          111      0.91%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      0.39%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.37%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          170      1.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       77.084906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      60.832959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      98.367891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             181     56.92%     56.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           107     33.65%     90.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           17      5.35%     95.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      2.20%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.31%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.94%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.154088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.126103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.975164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               130     40.88%     40.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      2.83%     43.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               179     56.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1569600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    36800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   349120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1606400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                392448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        160.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         35.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     163.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      40.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9807296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      314014.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       990848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       578752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       349120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 101031443.544787913561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59012229.942870244384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 35597889.454645268619                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15482                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9618                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6132                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    472524250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    284798750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 234360236000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30520.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29611.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38219216.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              42889980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              22773795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             79703820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14960520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      773831760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3429197520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         878267040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5241624435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         534.460264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2249838250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    327340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7230144750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              43996680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23354430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             95404680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13514580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      773831760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3468883770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         844847040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5263832940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         536.724745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2162969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    327340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7317013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1192539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1192539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1246506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1246506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32675.882288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32675.882288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32817.470974                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32817.470974                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1119547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1170540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30675.882288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30675.882288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30817.470974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30817.470974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    785708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    785708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28844.964940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28844.964940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    731230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26844.964940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26844.964940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406831000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    406831000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43948.471427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43948.471427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388317000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388317000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41948.471427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41948.471427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     53967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36292.535306                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36292.535306                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50993000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50993000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34292.535306                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34292.535306                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.908418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  697227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 18.356291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.908418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                735210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               735210                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               32176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              32176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         59198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             83067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            83067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1727995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2619108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1727995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2619108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          115243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         115243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29190.090881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37333.486950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31530.066091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29190.090881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37333.486950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31530.066091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1609599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    843375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2452974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1609599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    843375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2452974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27190.090881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35333.486950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29530.066091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27190.090881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35333.486950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29530.066091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              32176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            83067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1727995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2619108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         115243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29190.090881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37333.486950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31530.066091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1609599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    843375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2452974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27190.090881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35333.486950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29530.066091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.546139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.401280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.459829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   282.848596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.237713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.552439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.289527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               229620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              229620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         18753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  249239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8575744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           386300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            209008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9807323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
