
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3665163000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 275265                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   573945                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1007482913                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001316                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003665                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3665163000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130178                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191787                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52579                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1432427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3665152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3665152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616459                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 567534                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        567534                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               988378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              539971                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1647873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1647873                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3323952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547830                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191781                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18760      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1370578     65.64%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51745      2.48%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30648      1.47%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37779      1.81%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.03%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109561      5.25%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29214      1.40%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14558      0.70%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80725      3.87%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87347      4.18%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48018      2.30%     94.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104434      5.00%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2087975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.478803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66858.478803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.478803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66858.478803                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.478803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64858.478803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.478803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64858.478803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1349                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.478803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66858.478803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.478803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64858.478803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.675883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.717569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.675883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1434031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1434031                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        10081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           22301500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           91392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          177408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              268800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          91392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       107584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           107584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24935317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48403850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73339167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24935317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24935317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29353128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29353128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29353128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24935317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48403850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             102692295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1428.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2422.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001195880500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            73                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            73                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10278                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1184                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1681                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1681                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    394                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      33066000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                105253500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8588.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27338.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1064                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1681                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.706530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.318909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.574629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           490     35.95%     35.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          460     33.75%     69.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          139     10.20%     79.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           79      5.80%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      3.30%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      2.20%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      1.91%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      1.69%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           71      5.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           73                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       52.520548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.410462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      96.184445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              45     61.64%     61.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             18     24.66%     86.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      4.11%     90.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      2.74%     93.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      2.74%     95.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      2.74%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      1.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             73                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           73                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.205479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.169634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.117523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     43.84%     43.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.37%     45.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                33     45.21%     90.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      9.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             73                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  246400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    80384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   268800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                107584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         67.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3660035000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      622349.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       155008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        80384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24935316.655766744167                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42292252.759290650487                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21931903.165016125888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1681                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38362500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     66891000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  82399233500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26864.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24130.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49017985.43                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4912320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2607165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11145540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2536920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      288880800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1012743510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         554586240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1877412495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.231651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1432161250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    122200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2110801750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4826640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2565420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16343460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4019400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      288880800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         448263390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1029937920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1794837030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.701830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2673045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    122200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    869918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51325.248605                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51325.248605                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51387.354651                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51387.354651                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49325.733689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49325.733689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49387.839147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49387.839147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46448.725917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46448.725917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44448.725917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44448.725917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136878000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136878000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54446.300716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54446.300716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131852000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131852000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52447.096261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52447.096261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.489975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.902867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.489975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248464                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    271081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    271081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67203.781513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63149.657411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.731493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67203.781513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63149.657411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.731493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    262681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    262681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65203.781513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61150.378651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62528.207570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65203.781513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61150.378651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62528.207570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4875                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67203.781513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63149.657411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.731493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65203.781513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61150.378651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62528.207570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.780290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.405333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   132.541710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    87.370515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   279.868065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.258871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.170646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.546617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   521344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3665163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7124154000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 257525                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   505754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              916647249                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007124                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7124154000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371792                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2903078                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7124143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7124143                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1690977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182682                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359498                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2850934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2850934                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5393315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2413572                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458210                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2458996     62.56%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131045      3.33%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75546      1.92%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.02%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   109920      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81865      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3930708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66894.475481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.475481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64894.475481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64894.475481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.775372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.775372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2904689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2904689                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        13390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       518208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       518208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  518208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           28160750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           91840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          246912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              338752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          91840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       179456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           179456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12891355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34658431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47549786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12891355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12891355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25189798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25189798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25189798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12891355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34658431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72739584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2021.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1435.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3445.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001195880500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           114                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           114                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14347                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1880                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5293                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2804                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5293                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2804                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    783                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      43939250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    24400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                135439250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9003.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27753.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3154                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1709                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5293                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2804                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     218.841791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.641798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    261.786054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           818     40.70%     40.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          705     35.07%     75.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          150      7.46%     83.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           84      4.18%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      2.39%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      1.64%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      1.54%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      1.34%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          114      5.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       42.421053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      27.303329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      78.786807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              80     70.18%     70.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             22     19.30%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              4      3.51%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      2.63%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      1.75%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      1.75%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.482456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.455015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.970653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     28.07%     28.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.75%     29.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                73     64.04%     93.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      6.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  312320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    26432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   127552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   338752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                179456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7114834000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      878700.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       220480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       127552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12891355.240215189755                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30948236.099331937730                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17904160.971253570169                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2804                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38562500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     96876750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 164241411000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25110.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  58573969.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8153880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4333890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15065400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6049980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      561780960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1858899960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1170286080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3624570150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.772010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3024340250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    237640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3862173750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6197520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3294060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19777800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4353480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      561780960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         790096380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2070331200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3455831400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.086566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5373968500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    237640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1512545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    305103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    305616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49796.474621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49796.474621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49839.530333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49839.530333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    292851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    293354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    293354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47796.801045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47796.801045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47839.856491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47839.856491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5875                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46416.817360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46416.817360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44416.817360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44416.817360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202429000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    202429000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51706.002554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51706.002554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194601000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194601000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49706.513410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49706.513410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.621848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  413992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.466723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.621848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464310                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    344753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    344753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67212.543554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64343.871469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65121.458255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67212.543554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64343.871469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65121.458255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65212.543554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62344.389738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63121.836041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65212.543554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62344.389738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63121.836041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6436                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67212.543554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64343.871469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65121.458255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65212.543554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62344.389738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63121.836041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.713327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.615755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.026937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.734349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   371.952041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       637056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7124154000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10574074000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 245740                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   472651                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              865525602                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3002115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010574                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10574074000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            354910                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3002115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4374379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10574063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10574063                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2218893                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261308                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4053881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4053881                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7462267                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3278988                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3546738     61.42%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210805      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120474      2.09%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.74%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132384      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115572      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5774379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.475481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64894.475481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66894.475481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66894.475481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64894.475481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64894.475481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.501184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.501184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4375990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4375990                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        16306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       645056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       645056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  645056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25487000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           33161250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           91840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          306688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              398528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          91840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       246528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           246528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8685394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29003769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37689163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8685394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8685394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23314382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23314382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23314382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8685394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29003769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              61003545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2738.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1435.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4347.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001195880500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           154                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           154                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18084                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2556                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6227                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3852                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6227                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      51924250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                160336750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8980.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27730.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3637                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6227                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3852                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     215.644444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.934416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    260.779667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           917     36.39%     36.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1055     41.87%     78.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          157      6.23%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           84      3.33%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      2.06%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      1.55%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      1.43%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.15%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          151      5.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.454545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.511876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      68.585626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             114     74.03%     74.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             27     17.53%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              5      3.25%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      1.95%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      1.30%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      1.30%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.590909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.568069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.882759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                34     22.08%     22.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.30%     23.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               111     72.08%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      4.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  370048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   173376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   398528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                246528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         35.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10564754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1048194.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       278208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       173376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8685394.106377542019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26310388.975904654711                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16396329.361795652658                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3852                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38562500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    121774250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 246074850750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26872.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25411.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  63882360.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8460900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4497075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15072540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7798680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      834681120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1941654840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2425367040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5237532195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.318285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6286236750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    353080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3934757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9531900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5066325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26210940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6342300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      834681120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1535054460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2767767360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5184654405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.317583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7178907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    353080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3042086750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    388413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    388926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48017.431079                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48017.431079                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48051.148999                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48051.148999                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46017.678329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46017.678329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46051.396096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46051.396096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7837                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44632.438316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44632.438316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42632.438316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42632.438316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265406000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265406000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49766.735421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49766.735421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47767.110444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47767.110444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.050273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.252265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.050273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    407025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    407025000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.641731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67212.543554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64797.621531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65354.046243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67212.543554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64797.621531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65354.046243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65212.543554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62798.038807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63354.367373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65212.543554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62798.038807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63354.367373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    407025000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67212.543554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64797.621531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65354.046243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    394571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65212.543554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62798.038807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63354.367373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.764430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.447307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.885146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.431977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.805531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10574074000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14024018000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 245934                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   468065                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              862090732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000620                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014024                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14024018000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467159                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731725                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153919                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5842986                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14024007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14024007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2746550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031420                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       339908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998758                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5255031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5255031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9528243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4143379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885635                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153916                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18781      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4633843     60.86%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289836      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165312      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   154907      2.03%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149356      1.96%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7614263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66948.606811                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66948.606811                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66948.606811                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66948.606811                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104892000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104892000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104892000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104892000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64948.606811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64948.606811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64948.606811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64948.606811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66948.606811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66948.606811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64948.606811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64948.606811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.869896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                149.672794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.869896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5844601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5844601                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        19441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       780224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       780224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  780224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           38649250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           92096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          371904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              464000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        92096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          92096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       316224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           316224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6567020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26519076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33086096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6567020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6567020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22548745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22548745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22548745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6567020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26519076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55634840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3469.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1439.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5303.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001195880500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           195                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           195                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21976                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3256                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7250                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4941                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7250                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4941                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62787250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                189199750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9312.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28062.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4056                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2982                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7250                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4941                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     206.903553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.496014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    259.086628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1238     39.28%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1296     41.12%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          170      5.39%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      2.76%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      1.71%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.30%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.30%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      1.08%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          191      6.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       34.548718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      24.522485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      61.535518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             149     76.41%     76.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             32     16.41%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              6      3.08%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      1.54%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      1.03%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      1.03%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.682051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.662913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.806824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                34     17.44%     17.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.03%     18.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               151     77.44%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      4.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  431488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   220672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   464000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                316224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14019498000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1149987.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        92096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       339392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       220672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6567019.523220806383                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24200767.568895019591                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15735290.699142001569                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4941                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38732250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    150467500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 327456232750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26916.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25893.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  66273271.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11538240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6132720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19520760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8184960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1106966640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2885560590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2955277440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6993181350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.657471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7654530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    468260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5901228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10967040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5829120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28617120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9813600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1106966640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1845303180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3831283680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6838780380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.647718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9940168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    468260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3615589500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    477824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    478337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47573.078455                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47573.078455                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47600.457757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47600.457757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    457738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45573.277579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45573.277579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45600.656782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45600.656782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9792                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44736.073059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44736.073059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42736.073059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42736.073059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48951.915964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48951.915964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46952.211866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46952.211866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.775914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.419833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.775914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895630                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    476553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    476553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.621656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67255.733148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65342.739160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65722.383120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67255.733148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65342.739160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65722.383120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    462053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    462053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65255.733148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63343.083276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63722.658944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65255.733148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63343.083276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63722.658944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9182                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    476553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67255.733148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65342.739160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65722.383120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65255.733148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63343.083276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63722.658944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.806391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  17015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.853082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.832251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.443264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   433.530876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.846740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                28031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               28031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   30000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1070144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14024018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17476438000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 246495                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   466146                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              861559658                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9455575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017476                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17476438000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9455575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      911647                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7312388                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17476438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17476438                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3274601                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2502991                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3979938                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3979938                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6955351                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3817692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6457252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6457252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11596188                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5008490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      911641                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099372                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5721116     60.50%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369230      3.90%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210170      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262173      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784095      8.29%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208776      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104227      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577546      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177461      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183170      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734180      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9455648                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7310758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7310758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7310758                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7310758                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7312388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7312388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67052.760736                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67052.760736                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67052.760736                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67052.760736                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65052.760736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65052.760736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65052.760736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65052.760736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7310758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7310758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7312388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7312388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67052.760736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67052.760736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65052.760736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65052.760736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.093145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7312388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4486.127607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.093145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7314018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7314018                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        22579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       916160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       916160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  916160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           44101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           93056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          435840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              528896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        93056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          93056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       387264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           387264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5324655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24938720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30263375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5324655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5324655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22159207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22159207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22159207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5324655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24938720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52422582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4203.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1454.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6271.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001195880500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           236                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           236                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25933                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3950                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8264                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6051                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6051                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      74156250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                219000000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9599.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28349.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4498                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3616                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6051                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.000528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.813830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.253329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1544     40.74%     40.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1555     41.03%     81.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          182      4.80%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           90      2.37%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      1.69%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      1.21%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      1.16%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      1.03%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          226      5.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       32.699153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      23.990522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      56.337646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             183     77.54%     77.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             38     16.10%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              7      2.97%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      1.27%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.85%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.85%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.711864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.694505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.767441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                37     15.68%     15.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.85%     16.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               189     80.08%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      3.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  494400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    34496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   267520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   528896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                387264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17475315000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1220769.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        93056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       401344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       267520                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5324654.829548218288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22964862.748347230256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15307467.116582909599                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6051                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     39206000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    179794000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 409174443250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26964.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26401.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67620962.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14522760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7719030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23083620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11932920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1379252160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3662990430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3626328960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8725829880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.291096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9391334000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    583440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7501664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12544980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6664020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32072880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9886680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1379252160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2253943590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4812894720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8507259030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.784494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12487562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    583440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4405436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087369                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087369                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11938                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11938                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    566593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    567106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47481.186625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47481.186625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47504.272072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47504.272072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    542727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    543230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45481.186625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45481.186625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45504.272072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45504.272072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11682                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          907837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              907837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       911626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          911626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44899.973608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44899.973608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42899.973608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42899.973608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396467000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    396467000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043398                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043398                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48682.097250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48682.097250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380179000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380179000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043398                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043398                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46682.097250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46682.097250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       513000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102600                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.215275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1099307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 92.084688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.215275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111245                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    546989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    546989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.609080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.609080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67305.364512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65951.101322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66189.375605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67305.364512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65951.101322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66189.375605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    530461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    530461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65305.364512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63951.101322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64189.375605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65305.364512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63951.101322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64189.375605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10631                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    546989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.609080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67305.364512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65951.101322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66189.375605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65305.364512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63951.101322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64189.375605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.437279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.941667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.569006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.417375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.450898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.871974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32779                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1280384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1384704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17476438000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
