
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6489674000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91494                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34224592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   152651                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              593721577                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006490                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6489674000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6489663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6489663                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1389                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1226                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2615                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34402                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35194                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2030714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2079872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2030714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2079872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.930837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.930837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59028.951805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59097.346139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59028.951805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59097.346139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        17913                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            17913                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1961910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1961910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57028.951805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57097.346139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57028.951805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57097.346139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19063                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2030714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2079872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.930837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59028.951805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59097.346139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1961910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.363136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57028.951805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57097.346139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        12127.520896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              37346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.959083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.347740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   194.928303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 11895.244852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107761                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25272.926162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25272.926162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25272.926162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25272.926162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23272.926162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23272.926162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23272.926162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23272.926162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    138622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25272.926162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25272.926162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23272.926162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23272.926162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.253253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.253253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           124759000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185436250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2201728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2252416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1146432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1146432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7810562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          339266348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              347076910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7810562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7810562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       176654790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             176654790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       176654790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7810562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         339266348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             523731701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     17913.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       792.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34401.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004658936500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1112                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1112                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                88855                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16812                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35194                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17913                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17913                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     249144000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                909012750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7079.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25829.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35194                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17913                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.205807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    562.906569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    364.371880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           365      7.79%      7.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          367      7.84%     15.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404      8.63%     24.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      6.19%     30.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      6.13%     36.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      4.89%     41.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      3.07%     44.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      2.09%     46.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2500     53.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.634892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.462307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.289470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1111     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.081835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.076902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.415229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     96.13%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                36      3.24%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2252352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1144512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2252416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1146432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        347.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        176.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     347.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     176.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6339659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      119375.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2201664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1144512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7810561.824831263162                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 339256486.535379111767                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 176358935.749314993620                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          792                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34402                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17913                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22750000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    886262750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  91961418750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28724.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25761.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5133780.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15029700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7988475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121487100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44072460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      511995120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1074825060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1586919360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3362317275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.102647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4103113500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    216580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2169980500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18414060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9787305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129790920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49276800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      511995120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1756043460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1013261760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3488569425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         537.556960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2605213250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    216580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3667880750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2663078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2663078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2696045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2696045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68278.799067                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68278.799067                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68354.672684                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68354.672684                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2585074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2585074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2617163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2617163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66278.850345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66278.850345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66354.723391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66354.723391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19906.802580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19906.802580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     86080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17907.218639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17907.218639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2567386000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2567386000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75078.547199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75078.547199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2498994000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2498994000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73078.547199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73078.547199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.910516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.910516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2425074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2501001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2425074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2501001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34812.929849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68064.610289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66146.548532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34812.929849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68064.610289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66146.548532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2353818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2425383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2353818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2425383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32812.929849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66064.666423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64146.601428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32812.929849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66064.666423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64146.601428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2425074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2501001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34812.929849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68064.610289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66146.548532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2353818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2425383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32812.929849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66064.666423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64146.601428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.775390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.239044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.881847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   436.654499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.852841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6489674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10212611000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106529                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169823                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              543874012                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010213                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10212611000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10212600                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10212600                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8254                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10711                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34439                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35231                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2033638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2082796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2033638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2082796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        45942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        45942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59050.437005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59118.276518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59050.437005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59118.276518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        17949                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            17949                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1964760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2012334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1964760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2012334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57050.437005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57118.276518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57050.437005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57118.276518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19100                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2033638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2082796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        45942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59050.437005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59118.276518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1964760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2012334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57050.437005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57118.276518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13679.191036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              37419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.959110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.581655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   137.754446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 13468.854934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.822074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.834912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116290                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    269057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    269057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21784.227998                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21784.227998                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21784.227998                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21784.227998                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19784.389928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19784.389928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19784.389928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19784.389928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21784.227998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21784.227998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19784.389928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19784.389928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.254561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.254561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3403520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3403520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3403520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           124976000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2204096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2254784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1148736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1148736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4963275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          215821008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              220784283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4963275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4963275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       112482107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             112482107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       112482107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4963275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         215821008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             333266390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     17949.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       792.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005742218250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1114                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1114                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                89921                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16846                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35231                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17949                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17949                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     250131500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                910694000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7099.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25849.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16568                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35231                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17949                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     719.749471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    552.863568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    367.802650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           404      8.55%      8.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          368      7.79%     16.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404      8.55%     24.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      6.14%     31.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      6.07%     37.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      4.85%     41.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      3.05%     44.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      2.07%     47.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2502     52.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.611311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.465746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     484.853575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1113     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.085278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.080164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.422735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     95.96%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                38      3.41%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2254720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1146816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2254784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1148736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        220.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        112.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     220.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     112.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10088104000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      189697.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2204032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1146816                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4963275.307362632826                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 215814741.205750435591                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 112294103.829079553485                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          792                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34439                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17949                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22750000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    887944000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 150639832750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28724.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25783.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   8392658.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15293880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8128890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121744140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44155980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1164833190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2940730560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5100679680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.449130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7621573000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2250178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18449760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9806280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129798060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49381200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1815977820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2392398240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5221604400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.289855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6190100250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3681650750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2739040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2739040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2772007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2772007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62911.479627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62911.479627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63033.108216                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63033.108216                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2651964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2684053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60911.479627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60911.479627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61033.108216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61033.108216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18210.284046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18210.284046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16210.284046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16210.284046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2576841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2576841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74408.506829                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74408.506829                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2507579000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2507579000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72408.506829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72408.506829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.401309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.401309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2444408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2609580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2444408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2609580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18257.101802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66251.300954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56800.383083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18257.101802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66251.300954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56800.383083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2370616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2517696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2370616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2517696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16257.322869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64251.300954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54800.426616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16257.322869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64251.300954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54800.426616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2444408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2609580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18257.101802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66251.300954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56800.383083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2370616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2517696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16257.322869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64251.300954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54800.426616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.502701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    61.237902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    22.091356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   422.173442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.119605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.824558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10212611000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13935672000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113730                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178531                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              528243333                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013936                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13935672000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13935661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13935661                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15106                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3506                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18612                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35267                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2036304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2085462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2036304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2085462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        53879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        53879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.907691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.654559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.907691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.654559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59066.105874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59133.524258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59066.105874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59133.524258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        17985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            17985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1967354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1967354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.907691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.907691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57066.105874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57133.524258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57066.105874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57133.524258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19136                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2036304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2085462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        53879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.907691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.654559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62068.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59066.105874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59133.524258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1967354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.907691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60068.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57066.105874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57133.524258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14401.809132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              37491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.959187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.990211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.103999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14201.714922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.866804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    399245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    399245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20790.761860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20790.761860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20790.761860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20790.761860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18790.866011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18790.866011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18790.866011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18790.866011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20790.761860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20790.761860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18790.866011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18790.866011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.720873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.720873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3408128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3408128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3408128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           125192000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185844750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2206400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2257088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1151040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1151040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3637284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          158327492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161964776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3637284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3637284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        82596663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              82596663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        82596663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3637284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         158327492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             244561439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     17985.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       792.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34474.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009490254250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1116                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1116                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                90985                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16880                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35267                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17985                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35267                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17985                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     250912750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                912150250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7114.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25864.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16599                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35267                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17985                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     714.525698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    543.415720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    370.983253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           442      9.27%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          369      7.74%     17.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404      8.47%     25.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      6.08%     31.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      6.02%     37.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      4.80%     42.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      3.02%     45.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      2.06%     47.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2504     52.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.586918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.468375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     484.418876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1115     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.088710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.083414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.430057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     95.79%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40      3.58%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2257024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1149120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2257088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1151040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        161.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         82.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      82.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13843183000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      259956.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2206336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1149120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3637284.229996228591                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 158322899.677891403437                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 82458886.805028140545                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          792                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34475                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17985                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22750000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    889400250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 243285752500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28724.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25798.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  13527147.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15579480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8280690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122001180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44338680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1099590960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1257282060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4292534400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6839607450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.798538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11134764250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2335767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18456900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9810075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129798060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49386420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1099590960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1872887190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3774130080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6954059685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.011435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9781773000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3688759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2817559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2817559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2850526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2850526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58324.894427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58324.894427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58475.926724                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58475.926724                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2720943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2720943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2753032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2753032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56324.894427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56324.894427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56475.926724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56475.926724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17521.196239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17521.196239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15521.196239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15521.196239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2590239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2590239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73307.267787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73307.267787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2519571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2519571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71307.267787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71307.267787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.095577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.095577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2461107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2715355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2461107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2715355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15991.446003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64798.372871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50396.343727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15991.446003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64798.372871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50396.343727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2607597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2607597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13991.571797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62798.372871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48396.380846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13991.571797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62798.372871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48396.380846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2461107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2715355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15991.446003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64798.372871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50396.343727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    222452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2607597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13991.571797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62798.372871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48396.380846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.238523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.307914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.438785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   415.491824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.811507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13935672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17699540000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              525985960                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017700                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17699540000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17699529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17699529                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        21938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        21938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5446                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27384                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35306                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2039064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2088288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2039064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2088288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.863710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.563184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.863710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.563184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.139975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59081.041926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59148.246757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.139975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59081.041926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59148.246757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        18021                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            18021                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2017676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2017676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.863710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.863710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.139975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57081.041926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57148.246757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.139975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57081.041926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57148.246757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19175                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2039064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2088288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.863710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.563184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.139975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59081.041926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59148.246757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2017676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.863710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.139975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57081.041926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57148.246757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14823.328831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              40260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.099609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.561697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    95.379493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14629.387641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.892907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           133618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          133618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    529136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    529136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    529136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    529136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20323.244738                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20323.244738                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20323.244738                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20323.244738                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    477066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    477066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18323.321555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18323.321555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18323.321555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18323.321555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    529136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    529136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20323.244738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20323.244738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18323.321555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18323.321555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.992884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.992884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3412928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3412928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3412928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           125411000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186063750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2208832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2259584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1153344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1153344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         18021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               18021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2867419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          124796012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              127663431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2867419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2867419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        65162371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              65162371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        65162371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2867419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         124796012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             192825802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     18021.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009490254250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1118                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1118                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                92067                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16914                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       18021                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     18021                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     251696500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                913665250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7129.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25879.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16631                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 18021                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     709.135967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    533.892079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    374.144006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           481     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          371      7.71%     17.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404      8.40%     26.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      6.03%     32.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      5.97%     38.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      4.76%     42.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.99%     45.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      2.04%     47.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2506     52.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.565295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.473266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     483.985277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1117     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.092129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.086654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.437203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     95.62%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                42      3.76%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2259520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1151424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2259584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1153344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        127.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         65.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     127.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      65.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17649855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      330974.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2208768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1151424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2867419.153266130015                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 124792395.734578415751                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 65053894.056003719568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          793                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        18021                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22782500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    890882750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 334162904500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28729.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25812.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18542972.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15865080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8432490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122258220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44526600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1397076720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1343569800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5665196160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8596925070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.714604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14702191750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    590980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2406368250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18478320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9821460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129819480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49386420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1397076720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1933666860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5168272320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8706521580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.906659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13405654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    590980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3702906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2943640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2943640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2976607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2976607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52558.430196                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52558.430196                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52733.710095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52733.710095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2831626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2863715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2863715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50558.430196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50558.430196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50733.710095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50733.710095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    342083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17019.901488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17019.901488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15019.901488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15019.901488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2601557000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2601557000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72450.623816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72450.623816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2529741000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2529741000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70450.623816                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70450.623816                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.500559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.500559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2489505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2832646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2489505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2832646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15095.064227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62301.484021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45184.252923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15095.064227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62301.484021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45184.252923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2409587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2409587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13095.152208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60301.484021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43184.284826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13095.152208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60301.484021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43184.284826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2489505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2832646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15095.064227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62301.484021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45184.252923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2409587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13095.152208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60301.484021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43184.284826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.251067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.756415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.264838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.229814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.809043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17699540000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21450889000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118484                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   183696                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              508299290                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021451                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21450889000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21450878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21450878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502796                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287457                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450703     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382037     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636644      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28761                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7251                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36012                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34604                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35397                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2042833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2092057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2042833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2092057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.495694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.495694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.139975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59034.591377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59102.664068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.139975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59034.591377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59102.664068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        18100                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            18100                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1973625000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1973625000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.139975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57034.591377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57102.664068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.139975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57034.591377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57102.664068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19339                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2042833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2092057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.495694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.139975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59034.591377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59102.664068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1973625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.139975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57034.591377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57102.664068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15096.260281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              40452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.091732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.024602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    85.170040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14906.065639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.909794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           142686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          142686                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    658773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    658773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20048.479869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20048.479869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20048.479869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20048.479869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    593057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    593057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18048.540735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18048.540735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18048.540735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18048.540735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20048.479869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20048.479869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    593057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    593057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18048.540735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18048.540735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.169009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1195234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.636648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.169009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640508                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3423808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3423808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3423808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           125897000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186537750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           50752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2214656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2265408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        50752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1158400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1158400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         18100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               18100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2365963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          103243087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105609050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2365963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2365963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        54002424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              54002424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        54002424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2365963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         103243087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             159611473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     18051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34548.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009490254250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1120                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1120                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                93180                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16948                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35397                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       18100                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35397                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     18100                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     49                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     252318500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                914962250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7139.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25889.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16663                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35397                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 18100                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     704.501650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    525.839505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    376.781842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           515     10.62%     10.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          373      7.69%     18.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404      8.33%     26.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      5.98%     32.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      5.92%     38.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      4.72%     43.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.97%     46.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      2.02%     48.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2508     51.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.542857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.477424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     483.552861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1119     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.095536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.089883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.444184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     95.45%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44      3.93%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2261824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1153728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2265408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1158400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         53.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      54.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21449362000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      400945.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        50752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2211072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1153728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2365962.548218864016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 103076007.712314397097                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 53784624.031199820340                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          793                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34604                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        18100                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22782500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    892179750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 426934153250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28729.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25782.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  23587522.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15972180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8489415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122343900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44704080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1692718560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1411759470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7048291680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10344279285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.230796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18297181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    716040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2437667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18656820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9908745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129990840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49396860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1692718560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2007971490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6546218400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10454861715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.385941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16987269500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    716040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3747579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3054786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3054786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3087753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3087753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48742.436814                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48742.436814                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48925.749869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48925.749869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2929442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2929442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2961531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46742.436814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46742.436814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46925.749869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46925.749869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446138000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446138000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16858.935117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16858.935117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14858.935117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14858.935117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2608648000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2608648000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72044.187909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72044.187909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2536230000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2536230000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70044.187909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70044.187909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.762782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2226705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.426060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.762782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2350067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2350067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2517740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2949580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2517740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2949580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14611.402470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60153.864532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41304.859263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14611.402470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60153.864532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41304.859263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2434030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2434030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12611.470140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58153.864532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39304.887271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12611.470140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58153.864532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39304.887271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2517740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2949580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14611.402470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60153.864532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41304.859263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2434030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12611.470140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58153.864532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39304.887271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.906684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 124890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.702473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.492834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.958964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.454886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.159166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21450889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25194482000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123143                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190321                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              517070541                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025194                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25194482000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925772                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25194471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25194471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034343                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530422     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687531     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769907      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35546                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8629                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44175                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34675                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35517                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2098653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2098653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        79692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        79692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.445678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.445678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62269.596200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59011.449171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59088.689923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62269.596200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59011.449171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59088.689923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        18210                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            18210                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1976872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1976872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.596200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57011.449171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57088.689923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.596200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57011.449171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57088.689923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19567                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2098653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        79692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.445678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62269.596200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59011.449171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59088.689923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1976872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.596200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57011.449171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57088.689923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15287.602710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              53990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.759237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.753500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    78.009559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15098.839651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.921560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           151653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          151653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    791728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    791728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19946.287759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19946.287759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19946.287759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19946.287759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17946.338145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17946.338145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17946.338145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17946.338145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39458                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19946.287759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19946.287759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17946.338145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17946.338145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.292484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1429868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.237721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.292484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7965464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7965464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        89244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        89244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  89244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3438528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3438528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3438528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           126567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          187174750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2219200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2273088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1165440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1165440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         18210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               18210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2138881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           88082779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90221660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2138881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2138881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        46257748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              46257748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        46257748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2138881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          88082779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             136479408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     18095.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       842.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34586.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009490254250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1122                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1122                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                94426                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16982                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35517                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       18210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     18210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      89                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    115                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     253616250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                917891250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7158.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25908.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16694                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35517                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 18210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     695.959341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    512.731475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    380.853430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           561     11.40%     11.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          394      8.01%     19.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404      8.21%     27.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          292      5.94%     33.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          288      5.85%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          230      4.68%     44.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      2.93%     47.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      1.99%     49.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2508     50.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.565062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.499348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     483.122942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1121     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.098930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.093100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.451006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     95.28%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     95.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                46      4.10%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2267392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1156032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2273088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1165440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         45.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      46.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25029776000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      465869.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        53888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2213504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1156032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2138881.045460668858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87856698.145252600312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 45884332.926551140845                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          842                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34675                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        18210                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24354500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    893536750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524120360250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28924.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25768.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  28782007.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15979320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8493210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122343900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44745840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1988360400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1466058240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8440105920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12086086830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.711662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21915069750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    841100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2438312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19142340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10174395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            130612020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49543020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1988360400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2161116810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7854793440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12213742425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.778470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20387754750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    841100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3965627250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3153304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3153304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3186271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3186271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45941.751533                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45941.751533                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46127.033992                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46127.033992                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3016030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3016030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3048119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43941.751533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43941.751533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44127.033992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44127.033992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    533569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16749.929367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16749.929367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14749.929367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14749.929367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2619735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71223.288565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71223.288565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2546171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2546171000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69223.288565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69223.288565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.946618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2652162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.537663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.946618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2795379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2795379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               29076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              29076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2539824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3063615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2539824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3063615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14394.212537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.025309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38442.711405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14394.212537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.025309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38442.711405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2453216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2453216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12394.267498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56651.025309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36442.736501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12394.267498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56651.025309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36442.736501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82063                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              29076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    523791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2539824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3063615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14394.212537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.025309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38442.711405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451015000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2453216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12394.267498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56651.025309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36442.736501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.366313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 138203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.268325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.329665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.768323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230029                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  256222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2540288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           198460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            302194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           345380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25194482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28942237000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128731                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   198514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              532250509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028942                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28942237000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28942237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28942237                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042247                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943722                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167836                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609551     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903400      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42392                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10179                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52571                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34782                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2051275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2103706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2051275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2103706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        88195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.403923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.403923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62269.596200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58975.188316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59053.054121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62269.596200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58975.188316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59053.054121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        18324                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            18324                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1981711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1981711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.596200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56975.188316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57053.054121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.596200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56975.188316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57053.054121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19775                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2051275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2103706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.403923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62269.596200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58975.188316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59053.054121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1981711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.596200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56975.188316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57053.054121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15429.576132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             124538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.444177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.434028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    72.699196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15240.442908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.930203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           160697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          160697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    921802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    921802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19807.512141                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19807.512141                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19807.512141                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19807.512141                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17807.512141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17807.512141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17807.512141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17807.512141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      46304                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    921802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    921802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19807.512141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19807.512141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17807.512141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17807.512141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.384101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 46538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                198.611307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.384101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9289511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9289511                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        89572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        89572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  89572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3452672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3452672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3452672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           127244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          187736750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2226048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2279936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1172736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1172736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         18324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               18324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1861916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76913474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78775390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1861916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1861916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        40519881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              40519881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        40519881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1861916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76913474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             119295271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     18175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       842.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009490254250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1127                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1127                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                95616                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               17067                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35624                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       18324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     18324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     140                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    149                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     254571250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   177420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                919896250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7174.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25924.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31882                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16774                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 18324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     689.172455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    502.164443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    383.906431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           608     12.21%     12.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          398      7.99%     20.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          406      8.15%     28.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          297      5.96%     34.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          289      5.80%     40.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          231      4.64%     44.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          145      2.91%     47.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      1.97%     49.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2509     50.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.479148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.474896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     482.050858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           1126     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.107365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.101098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.467419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1069     94.85%     94.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.09%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                51      4.53%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2270976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1161792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2279936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1172736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      40.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28875721000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      535251.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        53888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2217088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1161792                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1861915.511230178876                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76603892.090303868055                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40141748.545559905469                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          842                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34782                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        18324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24354500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    895541750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 634385237000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28924.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25747.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34620456.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15979320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8493210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            122343900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            44745840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2284616880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1520182020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9833665920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13830027090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.849279                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25537504750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    966420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2438312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19585020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10409685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131011860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            50012820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2284616880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2276519010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9196750560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13968905835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.647759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23875309500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    966420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4100507500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3260846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3260846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3293813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3293813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43453.612644                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43453.612644                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43637.643910                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43637.643910                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3110762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3110762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3142851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3142851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41453.612644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41453.612644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41637.643910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41637.643910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75225                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    623888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    623888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16726.219839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16726.219839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14726.219839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14726.219839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2636958000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2636958000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69867.998516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69867.998516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2561474000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2561474000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67867.998516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67867.998516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     32967000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32089000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73095.671982                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.083021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.944569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.083021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3241499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3241499                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2566204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3178993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2566204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3178993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14173.775269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57076.221614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36045.047905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14173.775269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57076.221614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36045.047905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2476282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2476282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12173.775269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55076.221614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34045.047905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12173.775269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55076.221614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34045.047905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2566204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3178993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14173.775269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57076.221614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36045.047905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2476282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12173.775269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55076.221614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34045.047905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.707351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.771262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.287264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.094380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   416.325707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.813136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               253055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              253055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       190684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  283760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7372992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10351424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           232690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            320629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           377405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28942237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
