
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4497529000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 239306                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1320176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   518581                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1075612166                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000572                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2168357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004498                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4497529000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000572                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2168357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263628                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      105300                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1344096                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           259                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4497520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4497520                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1375654                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547120                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       158007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 364154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        364154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               651319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              332631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874480                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3617813                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1494599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263554                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368839                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     105285                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30500      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545752     71.29%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1467      0.07%     72.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       666      0.03%     72.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1288      0.06%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    13858      0.64%     73.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100054      4.61%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84308      3.89%     81.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17836      0.82%     82.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3064      0.14%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  97      0.00%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 499      0.02%     82.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  85      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 65      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   193080      8.90%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   88855      4.10%     95.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               70474      3.25%     99.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              16430      0.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2168402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1337776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1337776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1337776                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1337776                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6320                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6320                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    383283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    383283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1344096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1344096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1344096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1344096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60646.044304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.044304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60646.044304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.044304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58646.044304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.044304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58646.044304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.044304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6064                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1337776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1337776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    383283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1344096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1344096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60646.044304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60646.044304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58646.044304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58646.044304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.448552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  927951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                153.026220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.448552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1350416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1350416                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        28783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1029632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1029632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1029632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           67863500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          298624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          513856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              812480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       298624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         298624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       217152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           217152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           66397348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          114252960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              180650308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      66397348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          66397348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48282512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48282512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48282512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          66397348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         114252960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             228932821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2978.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4666.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002542302750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           175                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           175                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29304                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2780                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12695                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3393                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12695                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3393                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    415                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     125774000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                359061500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10108.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28858.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8554                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2370                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12695                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3393                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     220.441262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    146.191837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    237.894063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1798     40.23%     40.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1337     29.92%     70.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          590     13.20%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          228      5.10%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      3.38%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      1.41%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           73      1.63%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           72      1.61%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          157      3.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       70.965714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      44.605536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     158.881576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             128     73.14%     73.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            35     20.00%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      2.29%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.14%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.14%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.57%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.57%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.862857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.834029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.996282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                96     54.86%     54.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      6.29%     61.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                64     36.57%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  796288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   188864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   812480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                217152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        177.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         41.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     180.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4491951000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      279211.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       298624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       497664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       188864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 66397348.410649493337                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 110652760.660353720188                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 41992836.510892979801                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4666                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8029                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3393                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    141735750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    217325750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  97678887750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30376.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27067.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  28788354.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15565200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8273100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46581360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8999280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      354647280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1374389130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         569671200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2378126550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.762916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1467940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    150020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2879569000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16343460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8686755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             42254520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6404940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      354647280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1771805100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         235005120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2435147175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.441128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    594816500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    150020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3752692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           347618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               347618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          351948                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              351948                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16935                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16935                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    599221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    599221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    720530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       362501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           362501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40262.111134                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40262.111134                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42546.796575                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42546.796575                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6724                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6724                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    569457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    686662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38262.245515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38262.245515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40546.914674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40546.914674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16678                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    361498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       257246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          257246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36020.127541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36020.127541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34020.326823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34020.326823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         100408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             100408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237723000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    237723000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       105255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         105255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49045.388900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49045.388900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228029000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228029000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47045.388900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47045.388900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.574783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  336339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.166627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.574783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                385817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               385817                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    868772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    868772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.545947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.545947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70764.466352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67071.606476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68428.796471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70764.466352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67071.606476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68428.796471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3393                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3393                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    843382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    843382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68764.466352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65071.855542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66428.954001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68764.466352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65071.855542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66428.954001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14646                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    868772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.545947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70764.466352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67071.606476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68428.796471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    320855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    843382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68764.466352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65071.855542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66428.954001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6724                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6724                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6724                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6724                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.254462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  27000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.843507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.747394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   130.756409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   284.750660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.255384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.556154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                45137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               45137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        12640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   53233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1514112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       404480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1918592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            31600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4497529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8234776000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 231252                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1321616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   484125                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              952048109                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000169                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4187441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008235                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8234776000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445408                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4187441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      531380                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271906                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           135                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8234765                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8234765                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2370213                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1107392                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       324601                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 364154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        364154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               651319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              332631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       62282                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3878449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3878449                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7550300                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3109829                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      531229                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        803119                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271890                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 40580      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3115431     74.40%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6523      0.16%     75.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       666      0.02%     75.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1288      0.03%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    13858      0.33%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100054      2.39%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84308      2.01%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17836      0.43%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3064      0.07%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  97      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 499      0.01%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  85      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 65      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   460755     11.00%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  255460      6.10%     97.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               70474      1.68%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              16430      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4187497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    45                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2594971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2594971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2594971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2594971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6404                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6404                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    389773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    389773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60863.991255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60863.991255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60863.991255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60863.991255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58863.991255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58863.991255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58863.991255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58863.991255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6148                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2594971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2594971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    389773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60863.991255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60863.991255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58863.991255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58863.991255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.968005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1217227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                197.987476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.968005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2607779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2607779                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        31852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            34772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           73995250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          581568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              885248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       303680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         303680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       268032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           268032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36877749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70623415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107501163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36877749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36877749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32548791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32548791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32548791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36877749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70623415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             140049954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4745.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8748.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002542302750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           209                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           209                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33153                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3357                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    611                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     139960000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    67465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                392953750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10372.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29122.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8880                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2874                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4188                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.935094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.967194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    230.898829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2360     44.53%     44.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1531     28.89%     73.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          612     11.55%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          238      4.49%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          163      3.08%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           73      1.38%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      1.45%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      1.45%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          169      3.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       64.555024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.519917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     146.176783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             160     76.56%     76.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            37     17.70%     94.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      1.91%     96.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.96%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.96%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.48%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.043062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.011672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.039167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                99     47.37%     47.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      5.26%     52.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                90     43.06%     95.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      4.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  863552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    21696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   227968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   885248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                268032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        104.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         27.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8230806000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      456759.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       303680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       559872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       227968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36877748.708647333086                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67988734.605531468987                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 27683570.263477720320                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9087                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4188                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    144479750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    248474000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 190520199000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30448.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27343.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45491929.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17357340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9225645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48687660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10309500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      649674480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1841400960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1611500640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4188156225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.593825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4171607250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    274820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3788348750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20491800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10887855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             47652360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8284140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      649674480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2629216200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         948077280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4314284115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         523.910318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2439787250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    274820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5520168750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           760110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               760110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          764440                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              764440                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          36738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              36738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38790                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38790                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    990590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1111899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       796848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           796848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       803230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          803230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.048293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26963.634384                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26963.634384                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28664.578500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28664.578500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17821                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17821                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    917116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1034321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1034321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24963.688824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24963.688824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26664.630059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26664.630059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38533                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          499033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              499033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    621978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    621978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          524998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.049457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23954.477181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23954.477181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21954.477181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21954.477181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368612000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    368612000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.039628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34216.281444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34216.281444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347068000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347068000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32216.467094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32216.467094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.036948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  746892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.383178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.036948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                842019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               842019                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    336123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    947731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    336123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    947731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.306080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.306080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70837.302424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67298.415493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68512.325598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70837.302424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67298.415493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68512.325598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4188                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4188                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    920067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    920067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68837.302424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65298.635563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66512.470180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68837.302424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65298.635563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66512.470180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     16237                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    336123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    947731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.306080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70837.302424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67298.415493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68512.325598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    920067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68837.302424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65298.635563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66512.470180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.223512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  54413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                16237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.351173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   104.413764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    92.210483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   310.599265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.203933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.180099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.606639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                79764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               79764                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17821                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        95400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        12808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  108208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3623040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       409856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4032896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            32020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            134299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           193945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8234776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11992742000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 218886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1321616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   452864                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              874633275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001259                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6209527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011993                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11992742000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672933                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001259                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6209527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      799529                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      438764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3860533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11992731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11992731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3366252                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1668488                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       491443                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 364154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        364154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               651319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              332631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       92648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5885396                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5885396                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11488634                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4727457                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      799299                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1238047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     438748                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 50675      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4687440     75.49%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11587      0.19%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       666      0.01%     76.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1288      0.02%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    13858      0.22%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100054      1.61%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84308      1.36%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17836      0.29%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3064      0.05%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  97      0.00%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 499      0.01%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  85      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 65      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   728825     11.74%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  422318      6.80%     98.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               70474      1.13%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              16430      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6209593                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    47                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854077                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854077                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6456                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6456                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    393815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    393815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    393815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    393815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3860533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3860533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3860533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3860533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60999.845105                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60999.845105                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60999.845105                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60999.845105                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58999.845105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58999.845105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58999.845105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58999.845105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6200                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    393815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3860533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3860533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60999.845105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60999.845105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58999.845105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58999.845105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.918091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1464205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.162097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.918091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3866989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3866989                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        35468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        35468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1300608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1300608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1300608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            41026000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           81068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          306624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          662720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              969344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       306624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         306624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       331264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           331264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5176                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5176                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25567464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55260090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               80827554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25567464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25567464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27622040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27622040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27622040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25567464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55260090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             108449594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4791.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9913.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002542302750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           246                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           246                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37527                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3987                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15146                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5176                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15146                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     442                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     156465000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    73520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                432165000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10640.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29390.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9295                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3450                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15146                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     195.816419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.841395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    226.790710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2957     47.79%     47.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1737     28.07%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          628     10.15%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          252      4.07%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          176      2.84%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      1.37%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      1.28%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           83      1.34%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          191      3.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.768293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.304100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     135.402586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             195     79.27%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            39     15.85%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      1.63%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.81%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.81%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.191057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.160552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.022243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                99     40.24%     40.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      4.47%     44.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               126     51.22%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                10      4.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  941056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   270656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   969344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                331264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      80.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11986942000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      589850.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       306624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       634432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       270656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25567464.054508969188                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52901329.820986725390                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22568316.736906372011                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4791                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10355                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5176                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    146285750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    285879250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 276163441250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30533.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27607.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53354606.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21477120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11415360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53757060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12319200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      946545600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2935215000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2133453120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6114182460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.823563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5517247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    400400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6075094500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22705200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12068100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51229500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9756180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      946545600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3209807370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1902217440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6154329390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.171166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4914085500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    400400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6678256500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1172835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1172835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1177165                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1177165                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         61062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             61062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1400921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1400921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1522230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1522230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1231845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1231845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1238227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1238227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23740.399932                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23740.399932                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24929.252235                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24929.252235                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           29061                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 29061                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        61062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1282903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1400108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21740.433825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21740.433825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22929.284989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22929.284989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          750955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              750955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         42192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             42192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    899449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    899449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       793147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          793147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.053196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21317.998673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21317.998673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    815065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    815065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19317.998673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19317.998673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         421880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             421880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       438698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         438698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.038336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29817.576406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29817.576406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467838000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467838000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038336                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038336                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27817.695326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27817.695326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.965430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1185999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.504958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.965430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1299288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1299288                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           50706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               52371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          50706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              52371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             15147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            15147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    699185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1038977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    699185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1038977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        61062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        61062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.224340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.224340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70922.980589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67514.967169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68592.922691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70922.980589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67514.967169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68592.922691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5176                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5176                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68922.980589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65515.160294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66593.054730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68922.980589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65515.160294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66593.054730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18027                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          50706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              52371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            15147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    699185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1038977000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        61062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.224340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70922.980589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67514.967169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68592.922691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68922.980589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65515.160294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66593.054730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        29061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        29061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.720241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  84095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.664947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.996926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    65.132447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   343.590867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.195306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.127212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.671076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115118                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         29061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        12912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5767808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6180992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            32280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            212823000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           305305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11992742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15736890000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 220673                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1321616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   453860                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              868070469                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000434                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8227821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15736890000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900026                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8227821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1067143                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      605301                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5117229                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15736879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15736879                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4360400                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2228542                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       657971                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 364154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        364154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               651319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              332631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      122950                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7888574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7888574                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15419505                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6342057                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1066834                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1672119                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     605285                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 60755      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6256539     76.04%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16639      0.20%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       666      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1288      0.02%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    13858      0.17%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100054      1.22%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84308      1.02%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17836      0.22%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3064      0.04%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  97      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 499      0.01%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  85      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 65      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   996360     12.11%     91.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  588855      7.16%     98.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               70474      0.86%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              16430      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8227896                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    49                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5110729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5110729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5110729                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5110729                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6500                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6500                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    397086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    397086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5117229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5117229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5117229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5117229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61090.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61090.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61090.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61090.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59090.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59090.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59090.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59090.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6244                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5110729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5110729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    397086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5117229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5117229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61090.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61090.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    384086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59090.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59090.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.413422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1708428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                273.611147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.413422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5123729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5123729                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        38879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1440640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1440640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1440640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            47074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           87664500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          309248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          738368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1047616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       309248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         309248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       393024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           393024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19651151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           46919563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               66570714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19651151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19651151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24974693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24974693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24974693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19651151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          46919563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              91545407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4926.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4832.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10990.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002542302750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           283                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           283                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41683                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4618                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16369                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6141                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     547                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     173119750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    79110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                469782250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10941.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29691.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9647                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4023                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16369                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6141                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.149283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.715714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    223.213560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3543     50.28%     50.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1929     27.37%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          647      9.18%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          264      3.75%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          187      2.65%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           93      1.32%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           84      1.19%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           88      1.25%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          212      3.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.840989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.046317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     126.871044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             228     80.57%     80.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            43     15.19%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      1.41%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.71%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.71%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.35%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.35%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.296820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.267261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               100     35.34%     35.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      4.24%     39.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               158     55.83%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                13      4.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1012608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    35008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   313280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1047616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                393024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      66.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15735130000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      699028.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       309248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       703360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       313280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19651150.894490588456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44694981.028653055429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19907364.161533821374                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4832                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11537                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6141                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    147599750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    322182500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 365819332000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30546.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27926.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59569993.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23147880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12303390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55399260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15566040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1242187440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3364237470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3209923680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7922765160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.451772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8311452500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    525460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6899977500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27167700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14439975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             57569820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9985860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1242187440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4181528550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2521678560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8054557905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.826537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6514147500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    525460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8697282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1584902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1584902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1589232                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1589232                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          81085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              81085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         83137                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             83137                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1804492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1804492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1925801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1925801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1665987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1665987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1672369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1672369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22254.325708                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22254.325708                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23164.186824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23164.186824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           40214                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 40214                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        81085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         81085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        83137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1642324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1642324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1759529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20254.350373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20254.350373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21164.210881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21164.210881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      82880                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1002465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1002465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         58296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             58296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1170618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1170618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1060761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1060761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20080.588720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20080.588720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1054026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18080.588720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18080.588720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        22789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            22789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633874000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    633874000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       605226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         605226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.037654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27814.910703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27814.910703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588298000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588298000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037654                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037654                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25814.998464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25814.998464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.449498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1629223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 82880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.657613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.449498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1755505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1755505                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           71599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          71599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1124946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1124946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        83137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           89637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        83137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          89637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.743385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.138783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.182625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.743385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.138783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.182625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70936.258278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67791.818339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68719.975565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70936.258278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67791.818339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68719.975565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1092208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1092208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.743385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.138783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.743385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.138783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68936.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65791.991680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66720.097740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68936.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65791.991680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66720.097740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     19775                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          71599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1124946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        83137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          89637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.743385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.138783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.182625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70936.258278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67791.818339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68719.975565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1092208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.743385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.138783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68936.258278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65791.991680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66720.097740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40214                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40214                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40214                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40214                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.500567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                19775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 5.882781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.569578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.754030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   357.176959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.697611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               150138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              150138                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                89637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               89636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         40214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       206487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  219487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7894400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       416000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8310400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            32500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            290707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           415680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15736890000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19486585000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 217298                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1321748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   445316                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              846854674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10246843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019487                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19486585000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127199                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10246843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1334875                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      771907                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           195                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6374468                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19486585                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19486585                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5354908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2788781                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       824555                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 364154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        364154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               651319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              332631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      153268                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9892480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9892480                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19351868                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7957241                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1334487                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2106378                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     771891                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70836      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7826175     76.38%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21696      0.21%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       666      0.01%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1288      0.01%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    13858      0.14%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100054      0.98%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84308      0.82%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17836      0.17%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3064      0.03%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  97      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 499      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  85      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 65      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1264013     12.34%     91.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  755461      7.37%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               70474      0.69%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              16430      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10246929                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    50                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6367926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6367926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6367926                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6367926                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6542                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6542                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    400256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    400256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    400256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    400256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6374468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6374468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6374468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6374468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61182.512993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.512993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61182.512993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.512993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59182.512993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59182.512993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59182.512993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59182.512993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6286                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6367926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6367926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    400256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    400256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6374468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6374468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61182.512993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.512993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59182.512993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59182.512993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.718719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6374468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                974.391318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.718719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6381010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6381010                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        42502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        42502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1588032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1588032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1588032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            53309000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           94769500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          311808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          820288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1132096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       311808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         311808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       455936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           455936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7124                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7124                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16001162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42095010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               58096172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16001162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16001162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23397430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23397430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23397430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16001162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42095010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              81493602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5589.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4872.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12136.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002542302750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                45998                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5246                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17689                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7124                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17689                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7124                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1535                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     189380000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                508280000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11134.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29884.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10035                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4586                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17689                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7124                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     181.762900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.549220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    220.164385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4168     52.45%     52.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2119     26.67%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          669      8.42%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          277      3.49%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          199      2.50%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          100      1.26%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           86      1.08%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           91      1.15%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          237      2.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       53.096875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      35.736063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     119.802973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             261     81.56%     81.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            47     14.69%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      1.25%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.62%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.62%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.31%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.31%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.375000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.346981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.977810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               101     31.56%     31.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      3.75%     35.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               193     60.31%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      4.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1088512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    43584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   355840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1132096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                455936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      58.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19485869000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      785308.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       311808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       776704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       355840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16001161.824916986749                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39858394.890638865530                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18260767.599864214659                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4872                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12817                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7124                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    148867250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    359412750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 454914915250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30555.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28041.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  63856669.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24047520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12777765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             56648760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16067160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1537829280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3624557610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4430589600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9702517695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.907545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11482205250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    650520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7353859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              32694060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17377305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             64788360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12956040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1537829280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5267121480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3047377920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9980144445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.154615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7869743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    650520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10966321250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1997115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1997115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2001445                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2001445                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         103199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             103199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        105251                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            105251                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2212361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2212361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2333670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2333670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2100314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2100314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2106696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2106696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.049135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21437.814320                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21437.814320                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22172.425915                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22172.425915                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           51323                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 51323                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        103199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       105251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       105251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2005963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2005963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2123168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19437.814320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19437.814320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20172.425915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20172.425915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     104995                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1254126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1254126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1445536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1445536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1328493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1328493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19437.868947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19437.868947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1296802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1296802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17437.868947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17437.868947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         742989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             742989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            28832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    766825000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    766825000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       771821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         771821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037356                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.037356                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26596.316593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26596.316593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24596.316593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24596.316593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2052                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    121309000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6382                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321529                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.446394                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.747853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2106696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                105251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.015924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.747853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2211947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2211947                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               94104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          92434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              94104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4872                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    869759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1215411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    869759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1215411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       105251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       105251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.744726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.158230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.744726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.158230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70946.633826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67859.795584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68709.989259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70946.633826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67859.795584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68709.989259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.744726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.744726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68946.633826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65859.795584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66709.989259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68946.633826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65859.795584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66709.989259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          92434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              94104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    869759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1215411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       105251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.744726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.158230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70946.633826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67859.795584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68709.989259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.744726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68946.633826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65859.795584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66709.989259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        51323                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        51323                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        51323                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        51323                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.981519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 163116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                22070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 7.390847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.782695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.940923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   365.257901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.200747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.081916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.713394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185186                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         51323                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       261825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10020736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10439424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            32710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            368408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           526255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19486585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
