
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12401682000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  50902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    63663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              631249529                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1250729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012402                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12401682000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51595                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1250729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      801733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3118                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12401671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12401671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               261195                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              268313                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48839                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 756053                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        756053                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               757717                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1249524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1249524                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             396776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        812850                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     801732                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    436327     34.84%     34.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.86%     35.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48098      3.84%     39.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             753634     60.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1252284                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99469                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100219                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6154647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6199365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6154647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6199365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61875.026390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61858.180585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61875.026390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61858.180585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        82994                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            82994                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5955709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5998927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5955709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5998927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59875.026390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59858.180585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59875.026390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59858.180585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 83850                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6154647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6199365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61875.026390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61858.180585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5955709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5998927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59875.026390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59858.180585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14887.742325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            83850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.991855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.198958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.399549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14835.143818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.905465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533420                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533420                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.966153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.233146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.966153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        82994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       283432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       283432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 283432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     11725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     11725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           515189000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          527629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6366016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6414016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      5311616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          5311616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         82994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               82994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3870443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          513318758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517189201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3870443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3870443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       428298032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             428298032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       428298032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3870443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         513318758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             945487233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     82994.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99469.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          4880                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          4880                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               282239                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               78202                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       82994                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     82994                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               5173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               5138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               5130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               5183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               5137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               5138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               5120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               5120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               5187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              5250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              5310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     986497750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   501095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2865604000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9843.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28593.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     90014                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    74935                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 82994                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    4876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    4881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    4907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    4880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     642.627494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    428.769069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    414.835674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2232     12.23%     12.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3672     20.13%     32.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          661      3.62%     35.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          551      3.02%     39.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          732      4.01%     43.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          525      2.88%     45.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          605      3.32%     49.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          614      3.37%     52.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8652     47.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.536066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.069844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     228.529867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           4879     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           4880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.003279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.979497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.898856                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1962     40.20%     40.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               941     19.28%     59.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1976     40.49%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           4880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6414016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  5310464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6414016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               5311616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        428.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     428.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12401594000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67689.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6366016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      5310464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3870442.735106415115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 513318757.891066670418                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 428205141.850919902325                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99469                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        82994                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2845891250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 276494067500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28610.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3331494.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              65209620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              34655940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358699320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           218175120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      978506880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2961615690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2268253920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6885116490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.176023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5800175500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    413920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6187586500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              65066820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              34580040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            356864340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           214959600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      978506880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2954844660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2273955840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6878778180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.664938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5815995750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    413920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6171766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           711729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               711729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          711729                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              711729                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99615                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99615                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7847874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7847874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7847874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7847874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       811344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           811344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       811344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          811344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78782.050896                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78782.050896                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78782.050896                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78782.050896                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99186                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99186                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7648646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7648646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7648646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7648646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76782.070973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76782.070973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76782.070973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76782.070973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99358                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         700840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             700840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7832613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7832613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         800178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78848.104451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78848.104451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7633939000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7633939000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76848.124585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76848.124585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.592964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  809300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.145293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.592964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                910958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               910958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7249040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7303815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7249040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7303815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72863.460920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.830360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72863.460920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.830360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7050066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7103063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7050066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7103063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70863.481023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.850284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70863.481023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.850284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100101                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7249040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7303815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72863.460920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.830360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7050066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7103063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70863.481023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.850284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.808835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 198991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.849204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.191732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.767900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300373                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12723200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12784576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12401682000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25285812000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61044                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    75055                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              771766045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000017                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2459072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25285812000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93262                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2459072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1636700                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6372                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3080939                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25285801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25285801                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               469530                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              518315                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1547726                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1547726                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1549390                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2459494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2459494                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5977390                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             730112                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1647817                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1636699                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    811330     32.95%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.44%     33.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91392      3.71%     37.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1545307     62.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2462254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203636                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204386                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12716472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12761190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12716472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12761190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62447.072227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62436.712886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62447.072227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62436.712886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       187161                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           187161                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12309200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12352418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12309200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12352418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60447.072227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60436.712886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60447.072227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60436.712886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                188017                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12716472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12761190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62447.072227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62436.712886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12309200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12352418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60447.072227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60436.712886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15650.145304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             375351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           188017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.078501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    24.718968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15624.347835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.953635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           612008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          612008                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3079980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3079980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3079980                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3079980                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3080939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3080939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3079980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3079980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3080939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.492939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.233146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.492939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3081898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3081898                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       187161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       595933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       595933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 595933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1140191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075888000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13032704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13080704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     11978304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         11978304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        187161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              187161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1898298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515415681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517313978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1898298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1898298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       473716407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             473716407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       473716407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1898298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515415681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             991030385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    187161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203636.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11010                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11010                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               592535                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              176351                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      187161                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    187161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2130256500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1021930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5962494000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10422.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29172.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    183334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   169061                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                187161                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   10999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        39120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     640.494070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    426.190584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.241689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4812     12.30%     12.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7942     20.30%     32.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1382      3.53%     36.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1149      2.94%     39.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1640      4.19%     43.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1109      2.83%     46.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1298      3.32%     49.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1371      3.50%     52.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18417     47.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         39120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.562489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.012586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     152.148554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          11009     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.996458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.972534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.901491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4492     40.80%     40.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2066     18.76%     59.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4451     40.43%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13080704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 11976384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13080704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              11978304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        473.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     473.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25285706000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64578.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13032704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     11976384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1898297.748951071640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515415680.540533959866                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 473640474.745284020901                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203636                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       187161                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5942781250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 588485580000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29183.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3144274.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             139879740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              74340255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            730065000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           489521160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1995736080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6029467980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4632305280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14091315495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.281510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11837831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    844220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12603761000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             139451340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              74120145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729251040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           487302660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1995736080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6034269090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4628262240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14088392595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.165916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11828601750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    844220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12612990250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1440902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1440902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1440902                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1440902                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16180538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16180538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16180538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16180538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1644684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1644684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1644684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1644684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79401.213061                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.213061                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79401.213061                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.213061                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203353                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203353                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15772976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15772976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15772976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15772976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77401.222875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77401.222875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77401.222875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77401.222875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16165277000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16165277000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1633518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1633518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79434.298912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79434.298912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15758269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15758269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77434.308739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77434.308739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.819445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1642636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.070930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.819445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1848465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1848465                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14956702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15011477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14956702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15011477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73441.368982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73389.964995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73441.368982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73389.964995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203064                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203064                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14549394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14602391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14549394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14602391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71441.378802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71389.974773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71441.378802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71389.974773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204268                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14956702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15011477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73441.368982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73389.964995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14549394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14602391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71441.378802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71389.974773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203353                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203353                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203353                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203353                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.434861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.416500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.546337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.472023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               612874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              612874                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204740                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       610916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  612834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26056576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26117952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1018905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25285812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38170067000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62603                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76529                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              796511670                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3667386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038170                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38170067000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3667386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2471648                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9628                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627465                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38170056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38170056                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               677860                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              768311                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132172                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339380                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339380                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2341044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3669436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3669436                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8942188                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1063440                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2482765                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2471647                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1186324     32.31%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.29%     32.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134686      3.67%     36.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2336961     63.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3672196                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307801                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308551                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19278560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19323278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19278560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19323278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62633.194824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62625.880324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62633.194824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62625.880324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       291326                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           291326                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18662958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18706176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18662958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18706176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60633.194824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.880324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60633.194824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.880324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                292182                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19278560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19323278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62633.194824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62625.880324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18662958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18706176000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60633.194824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.880324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15897.856974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             583681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           292182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.714454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.375113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15880.767406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.969285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626506                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626506                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.664097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.233146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.664097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628424                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       291326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       908428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       908428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 908428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     38392128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     38392128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                38392128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1765181000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1624140500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19699264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19747264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18644864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18644864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        291326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              291326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1257530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516091942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517349472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1257530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1257530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       488468202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             488468202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       488468202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1257530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516091942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1005817674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    291326.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307801.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17141                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17141                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               902826                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              274522                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      291326                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308551                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    291326                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3274378250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1542755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9059709500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10612.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29362.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    276645                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   263204                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308551                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                291326                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   17249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        60010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     639.741910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    425.269974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.394010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7403     12.34%     12.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12211     20.35%     32.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2104      3.51%     36.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1749      2.91%     39.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2547      4.24%     43.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1691      2.82%     46.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1995      3.32%     49.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2128      3.55%     53.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28182     46.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         60010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.000642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.996439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     121.940770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          17140     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.994866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7017     40.94%     40.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3196     18.65%     59.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6927     40.41%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19747264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18643776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19747264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18644864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        488.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     488.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38169961000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63629.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19699264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18643776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1257529.885918198619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516091941.887343287468                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 488439698.049259364605                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307801                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       291326                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9039996750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 900534462000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29369.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3091157.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             213942960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             113709585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1100923740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           760721040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3012965280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9098563440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6995357760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21296183805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.928908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17873334000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1274520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19022213000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             214535580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             114028365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102130400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           759911940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3012965280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9117319290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6979563360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21300454215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.040787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17832501750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1274520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19063045250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170057                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170057                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         307947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             307947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        307947                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            307947                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24513431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24513431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24513431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24513431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79602.759566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79602.759566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79602.759566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79602.759566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307518                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307518                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        307947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       307947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23897539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23897539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23897539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23897539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77602.766060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77602.766060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77602.766060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77602.766060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307690                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2159168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2159168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307670                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307670                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24498170000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24498170000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2466838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2466838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79624.825300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79624.825300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23882832000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23882832000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77624.831800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77624.831800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.217940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2475956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.217940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2785950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2785950                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22664605000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22719380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22664605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22719380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73629.410045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73594.809351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73629.410045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73594.809351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307229                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307229                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22048967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22101964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22048967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22101964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71629.416542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71594.815830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71629.416542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71594.815830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308433                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22664605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22719380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73629.410045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73594.809351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22048967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22101964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71629.416542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71594.815830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.963172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.275911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.686825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.000436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925369                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39389696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39451072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1539730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38170067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51053720000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  66577                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    81153                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              849750015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4875729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051054                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51053720000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176595                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4875729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3306615                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12882                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174025                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51053709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51053709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               886195                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1018313                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173839                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3131053                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3131053                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3132717                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4879406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4879406                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11907053                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1396776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3317732                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3306614                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1561327     31.98%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.22%     32.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177980      3.65%     35.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3128634     64.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4882166                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       411969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411969                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412719                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25839893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25884611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25839893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25884611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       411987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       411987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62722.906335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62717.274950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62722.906335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62717.274950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       395494                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           395494                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25015955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25059173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25015955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25059173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60722.906335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60717.274950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60722.906335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60717.274950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                396350                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25839893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25884611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       411987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62722.906335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62717.274950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25015955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25059173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60722.906335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60717.274950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411397                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411397                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411397                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411397                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16020.537516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             792017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           396350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.534158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.242774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16007.760583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.977036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1237007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1237007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173066                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173066                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.748864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.233146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.748864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6174984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6174984                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       395494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1220932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1220932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1220932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     51725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     51725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                51725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2390189000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2172404250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26366016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26414016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25311616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25311616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           411969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        395494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              395494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             940186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516436726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517376912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        940186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            940186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       495783970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             495783970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       495783970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            940186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516436726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1013160882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    395494.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    411969.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         23272                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         23272                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1213122                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              372664                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412719                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      395494                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412719                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    395494                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4417593500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2063595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12156074750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10703.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29453.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    369975                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   357343                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412719                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                395494                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   23248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   23274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   23422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   23272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   23272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        80863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     639.633553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    425.122100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.422607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9966     12.32%     12.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16486     20.39%     32.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2811      3.48%     36.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2343      2.90%     39.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3461      4.28%     43.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2276      2.81%     46.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2678      3.31%     49.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2888      3.57%     53.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        37954     46.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         80863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.733929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.987884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     104.653816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          23271    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          23272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.993082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.969090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9563     41.09%     41.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4308     18.51%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9400     40.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          23272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26414016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25309632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26414016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25311616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        495.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     495.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51053632000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63168.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26366016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25309632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 940186.141186185880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516436725.864442408085                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 495745109.269216835499                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       411969                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       395494                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12136362000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1212533704250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29459.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3065871.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             288413160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             153291435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1471803900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1031795640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4029579840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12167913690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9357964320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28500761985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.250446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23907402250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1704560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25441757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             288955800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             153583650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475009760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1032521220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4029579840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12197383830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9333147360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28510181460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.434948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23843064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1704560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25506095250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899229                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899229                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412115                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412115                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32845620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32845620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32845620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32845620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3311344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3311344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3311344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3311344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79700.132245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79700.132245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79700.132245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79700.132245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411686                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411686                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32021392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32021392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32021392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32021392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77700.137098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77700.137098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77700.137098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77700.137098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411858                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2888340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2888340                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32830359000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32830359000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3300178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3300178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79716.682288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79716.682288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32006685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32006685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77716.687144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77716.687144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.415296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3309300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.035051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.415296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3723458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3723458                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        411988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30371786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30426561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30371786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30426561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73720.074371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73694.008143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73720.074371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73694.008143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411397                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411397                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29547812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29600809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29547812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29600809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71720.079226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71694.012987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71720.079226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71694.012987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412601                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30371786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30426561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73720.074371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73694.008143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29547812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29600809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71720.079226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71694.012987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.224820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 823991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.206284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.261146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.757390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1237873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1237873                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1235915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1237833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52723200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52784576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51053720000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63938402000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  75908                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    92366                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              970682366                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000017                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6084072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063938                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63938402000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218262                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6084072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4141583                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16138                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720588                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63938391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63938391                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1094530                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1268315                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3922726                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3922726                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3924390                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6089377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6089377                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871922                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1730112                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4152700                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4141582                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1936330     31.78%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.18%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221275      3.63%     35.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3920307     64.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6092137                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516136                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32402264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32446982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32402264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32446982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       517043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       517043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62778.538990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62773.961763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62778.538990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62773.961763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       499661                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           499661                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31369992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31413210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31369992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31413210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60778.538990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60773.961763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60778.538990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60773.961763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                500517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32402264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32446982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       517043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62778.538990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62773.961763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31369992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31413210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60778.538990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60773.961763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16093.781426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1000351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           500517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.426516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     9.775646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16083.579263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549508                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719629                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719629                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.799472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.233146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.799472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721547                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       499661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1533433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1533433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1533433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     65059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     65059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3015191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2720669500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33032704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33080704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     31978304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         31978304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        499661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              499661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             750723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516633243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517383966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        750723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            750723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       500142371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             500142371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       500142371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            750723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516633243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1017526337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    499661.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516136.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         29402                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         29402                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1523425                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              470823                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      499661                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    499661                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              31234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              31250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              31273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              31242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              31295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              31249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              31250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              31170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              31104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              31171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             31169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             31232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             31232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             31234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             31294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             31232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5561892000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15253504500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10760.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29510.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    463281                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451471                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                499661                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   11721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   17321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   29371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   29404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   29593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   29403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   29402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   29402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   29402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       101764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     639.285563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    424.697247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.500855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12566     12.35%     12.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20763     20.40%     32.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3531      3.47%     36.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2939      2.89%     39.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4372      4.30%     43.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2856      2.81%     46.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3370      3.31%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3652      3.59%     53.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        47715     46.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        101764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.579518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.983975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      93.108236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          29401    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          29402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.993096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.969104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12082     41.09%     41.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5442     18.51%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             11877     40.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          29402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33080704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 31976384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33080704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              31978304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        500.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     500.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63938296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62897.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33032704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     31976384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 750722.546991399606                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516633243.351937353611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 500112342.501146614552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516136                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       499661                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15233791750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1524557308000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29515.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3051183.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             362783400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             192823950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1842905400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1303266960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5046809040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15238944870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11719550880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35707084500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.460696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29939050250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2134860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31864491750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             363818700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             193370430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1847660640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1304806860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5046809040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15279976320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11684998080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35721440070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.685218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29848448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2134860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31955094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628402                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628402                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516282                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516282                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41178830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41178830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41178830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41178830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4144684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4144684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4144684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4144684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79760.344153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79760.344153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79760.344153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79760.344153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40146268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40146268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40146268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40146268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77760.348027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77760.348027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77760.348027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77760.348027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516025                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3617513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3617513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516005                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516005                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41163569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41163569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4133518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4133518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79773.585527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79773.585527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40131561000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40131561000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77773.589403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77773.589403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.533124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4142636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.533124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4660965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4660965                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38079994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38134769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38079994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38134769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73776.276506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73755.365114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73776.276506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73755.365114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37047686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37100683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37047686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37100683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71776.280381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71755.368982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71776.280381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71755.368982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516768                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38079994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38134769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73776.276506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73755.365114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37047686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37100683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71776.280381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71755.368982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.381032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.164714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.007004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.209314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550374                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66056576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66117952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63938402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76822267000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   104447                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    69.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1100303252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7292386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076822                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76822267000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            259928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7292386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4976531                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19394                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267114                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76822256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76822256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1302860                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1518311                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257172                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4714380                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4714380                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4716044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7299319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7299319                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17836720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2063440                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4987648                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4976530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2311324     31.65%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.15%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264569      3.62%     35.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4711961     64.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7302079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        621051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620301                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       621051                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38963962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  39008680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38963962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  39008680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62814.604523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62810.751452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62814.604523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62810.751452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       603826                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           603826                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       621051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       621051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37723360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37766578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37723360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37766578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60814.604523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60810.751452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60814.604523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60810.751452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                604682                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       621051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38963962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39008680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62814.604523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62810.751452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37723360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37766578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60814.604523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60810.751452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16142.453993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1208681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           604682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.354985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.136172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16133.962835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1862003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1862003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266155                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266155                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.833103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.233146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.833103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268073                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       603826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1845928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1845928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1845928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     78392128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     78392128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                78392128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3640181000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3268922250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39699264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39747264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     38644864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         38644864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        603826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              603826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             624819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516767671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517392490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        624819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            624819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       503042484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             503042484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       503042484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            624819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516767671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1020434974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    603826.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620301.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35533                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35533                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1833715                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              568986                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621051                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      603826                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    603826                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              37762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              37778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              37801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              37770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              37823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              37693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              37650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              37632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              37632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              37699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             37697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             37760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             37760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             37762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             37822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             37760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6705623500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3105255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18350329750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10797.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29547.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    556594                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   545612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621051                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                603826                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   20921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   35534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   35535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       122645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     639.161939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    424.557342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.515855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15148     12.35%     12.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25033     20.41%     32.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4253      3.47%     36.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3538      2.88%     39.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5278      4.30%     43.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3442      2.81%     46.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4065      3.31%     49.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4409      3.59%     53.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        57479     46.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        122645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.477922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.980956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.696433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          35532    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14613     41.13%     41.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              6568     18.48%     59.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14351     40.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39747264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 38643264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39747264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              38644864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        503.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     503.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76822161000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62718.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39699264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     38643264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 624818.843213778106                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516767671.019133031368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 503021656.468429923058                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620301                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       603826                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18330617000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1836590808500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29551.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3041589.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             437460660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             232515855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215784760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1575876240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6064038240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18320816310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14071694880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         42918186945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.668582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35945439750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2565160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  38311667250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             438231780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             232921920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2218519380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1575964980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6064038240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18346517610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14050051680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         42926245590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.773482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35888961500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2565160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38368145500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357557                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357557                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620447                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620447                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49511333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49511333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49511333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49511333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4978004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4978004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4978004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4978004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79799.455876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79799.455876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79799.455876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79799.455876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          620018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                620018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48270441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48270441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48270441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48270441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77799.459100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77799.459100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77799.459100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77799.459100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4346668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4346668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49496072000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49496072000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4966838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4966838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79810.490672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79810.490672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48255734000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48255734000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77810.493897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77810.493897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.611424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4975956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.611424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5598450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5598450                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45787507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45842282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45787507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45842282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73812.720854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73795.263752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73812.720854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73795.263752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44546869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44599866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44546869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44599866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71812.724078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71795.266971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71812.724078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71795.266971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    620933                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45787507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45842282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73812.720854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73795.263752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44546869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44599866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71812.724078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71795.266971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       620018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       620018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.484839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               620933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.137090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.838119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.509630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1862869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1862869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        620018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1860911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1862829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79389696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79451072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76822267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                89706562000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95119                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   115511                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    73.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1218970536                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8500716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.089707                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89706562000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8500716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5811491                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813661                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         89706562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   89706562                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1511190                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1768309                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5506047                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5506047                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5507711                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1779                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8509276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8509276                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801555                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2396770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5822609                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5811491                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2686320     31.56%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10748      0.13%     31.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307863      3.62%     35.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5503628     64.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8512036                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724469                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725219                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45525988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  45570706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45525988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  45570706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62840.491450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62837.165049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62840.491450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62837.165049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       707994                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           707994                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44077050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44120268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44077050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44120268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60840.491450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60837.165049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60840.491450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60837.165049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                708850                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45525988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45570706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62840.491450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62837.165049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44077050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44120268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60840.491450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60837.165049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16177.146550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.304000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.967597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16169.874953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812702                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812702                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63807.090719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61807.090719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.857074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11275.976017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.857074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814620                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       707994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2158432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2158432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2158432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     91725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     91725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                91725632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4265189000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3817189250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46366016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46414016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     45311616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         45311616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        707994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              707994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             535078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516863148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517398226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        535078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            535078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       505109269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             505109269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       505109269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            535078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516863148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1022507495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    707994.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724469.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003665024500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         41664                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         41664                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2144013                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              667150                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      707994                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    707994                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              44290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              44306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              44329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              44193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              44177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              44178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              44227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             44225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             44288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             44288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             44290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             44350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             44288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7849528500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3626095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21447384750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10823.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29573.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    649912                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   639754                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                707994                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   16603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   24521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   41619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   41665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   41666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   41665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   41665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   41935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   41664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       143524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     639.083638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    424.466883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.529143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17728     12.35%     12.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29303     20.42%     32.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4978      3.47%     36.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4135      2.88%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6184      4.31%     43.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4025      2.80%     46.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4760      3.32%     49.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5165      3.60%     53.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67246     46.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        143524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        41664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.406226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.978823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      78.217699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          41663    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          41664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        41664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17144     41.15%     41.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              7693     18.46%     59.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             16826     40.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          41664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46414016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 45310208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46414016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              45311616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        505.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     505.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    89706525000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62591.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46366016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     45310208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 535077.913252321421                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516863147.647994756699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 505093573.868096709251                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724469                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       707994                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19712750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21427672000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2148631333750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26283.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29577.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3034815.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             512480640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             272389920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588664120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1848485520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7081267440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21402336060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16424300160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         50129923860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.821147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41952472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2995460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44758630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             512287860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             272283660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2589399540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1847128320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7081267440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21414943320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16413683520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         50130993660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.833072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41926175000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2995460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44784927000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5086723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5086723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5086723                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5086723                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724614                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724614                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57844215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57844215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57844215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57844215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5811337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5811337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5811337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5811337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79827.625467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79827.625467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79827.625467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79827.625467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724186                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724186                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56394987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56394987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56394987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56394987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77827.625467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77827.625467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77827.625467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77827.625467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724358                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5075834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5075834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57828954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57828954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5800171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5800171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79837.084120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79837.084120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56380280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56380280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77837.084120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77837.084120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.667234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5811337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.019907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.667234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6535951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6535951                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53495381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  53550156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53495381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  53550156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73838.979857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73823.997485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73838.979857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73823.997485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52046407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52099404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52046407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52099404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71838.979857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71823.997485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71838.979857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71823.997485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725101                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53495381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53550156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61614.173228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73838.979857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73823.997485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52046407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52099404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59614.173228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71838.979857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71823.997485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.558830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.117400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.717742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.723688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175372                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92723200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92784576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3623070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  89706562000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
