
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3845206000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89294                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34300680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   179782                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              343331033                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003845                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3845206000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3845195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3845195                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2662                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1756                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4418                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4588                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6234                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    378506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    378506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.585242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.585242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61806.196841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60325.414124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60716.393969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61806.196841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60325.414124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60716.393969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          510                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              510                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59806.196841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58325.414124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58716.393969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59806.196841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58325.414124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58716.393969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1271                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    378506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.585242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61806.196841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60325.414124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60716.393969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59806.196841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58325.414124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58716.393969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3672.065713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.059009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    30.998835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   815.279514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2825.787363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.172472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.224125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.311646                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    224721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    224721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30978.908189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30978.908189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30978.908189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30978.908189                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28978.908189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28978.908189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28978.908189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28978.908189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30978.908189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30978.908189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28978.908189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28978.908189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.651606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.651606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       431616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       431616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  431616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8784000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33235750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          105344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          293632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              398976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         105344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27396192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76363139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              103759330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27396192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27396192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8488492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8488492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8488492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27396192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76363139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             112247822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4561.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003254164750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            28                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            28                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13884                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 455                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6234                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         510                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       510                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54599500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                170980750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8796.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27546.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4515                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      370                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6234                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   510                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     237.399889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.496126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    282.442214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           823     45.65%     45.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          474     26.29%     71.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          164      9.10%     81.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           74      4.10%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      3.00%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.94%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      1.44%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.94%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          136      7.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      212.178571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.087781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     449.059680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             17     60.71%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     17.86%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     10.71%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.178571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.151034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.983327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     39.29%     39.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.57%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                16     57.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  397248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    30784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   398976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     103.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3491474000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      517715.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       105344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       291904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        30784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27396191.517437558621                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75913748.184102490544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8005812.952544025145                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4588                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          510                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     46842250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124138500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  60901084000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28458.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27057.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 119413890.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6611640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3514170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21412860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              970920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      303017520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         644484180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         933835680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1913846970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.722871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2421161750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1295864250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6261780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3328215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22905120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1539900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      303017520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         775647450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         823382400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1936082385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.505504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2132050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1584976000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    424450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49033.183751                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49033.183751                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48508.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48508.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47033.419934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47033.419934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46508.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46508.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33905.135521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33905.135521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31905.135521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31905.135521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63962.458939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63962.458939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264086000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61962.928203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61962.928203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9237000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9237000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32755.319149                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32755.319149                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8673000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8673000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30755.319149                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30755.319149                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.152111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.152111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    504514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    504514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35850.742804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55172.419228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47358.866047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35850.742804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55172.419228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47358.866047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    483210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33850.742804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53172.734437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45359.053788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33850.742804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53172.734437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45359.053788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    504514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35850.742804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55172.419228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47358.866047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33850.742804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53172.734437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45359.053788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.160922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   158.021429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.309139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.830354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3845206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7913019000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94224                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34323076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185320                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              372775874                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007913                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7913019000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7913008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7913008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6099                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9201                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15300                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7203                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9752                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    604509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    604509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.439100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.389270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.439100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.389270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62741.074931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61721.782591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61988.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62741.074931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61721.782591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61988.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2232                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2232                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.439100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.439100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60741.074931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59721.782591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59988.207547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60741.074931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59721.782591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59988.207547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3844                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.439100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.389270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62741.074931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61721.782591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61988.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430176000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.439100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60741.074931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59721.782591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59988.207547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4746.804080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.500520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.309162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1206.871776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3421.623142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.208839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.289722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6566                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5632                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.400757                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    403703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    403703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    403703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    403703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28318.111672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28318.111672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28318.111672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28318.111672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    375193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    375193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    375193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26318.251964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26318.251964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26318.251964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26318.251964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    403703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28318.111672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28318.111672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    375193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26318.251964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26318.251964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.513560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.513560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       766976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       766976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  766976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20912000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           52111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          163136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          460992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              624128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       163136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         163136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       142848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           142848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20616152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58257411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78873563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20616152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20616152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18052276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18052276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18052276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20616152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58257411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              96925838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2209.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2549.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7144.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003254164750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           128                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           128                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23560                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2057                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9752                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2232                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     23                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      98176000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    48465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                279919750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10128.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28878.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6555                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1702                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.020448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.593435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.459947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1795     49.60%     49.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          917     25.34%     74.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          337      9.31%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          143      3.95%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      2.63%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      1.71%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           49      1.35%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      1.24%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176      4.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       75.125000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.813762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     221.791808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            116     90.62%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      3.91%     94.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      3.12%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.78%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.78%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.054688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.023063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.044736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                61     47.66%     47.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      2.34%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                61     47.66%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.56%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  620352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   139712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   624128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                142848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7909953000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      660042.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       163136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       457216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       139712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20616151.686227466911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57780222.693765804172                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17655966.704995904118                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2549                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7203                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2232                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     74895500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    205024250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 180075331250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29382.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28463.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  80678911.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13637400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7248450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34807500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6029100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      624474240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1428033540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1836045120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3950275350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.212165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4759269250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    264160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2889589750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12202260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6485655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             34400520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5366160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      624474240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1466448690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1803695520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3953073045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.565721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4673427000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    264160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2975432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    855532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    869525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    869525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34862.754686                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34862.754686                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34940.327895                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34940.327895                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    806452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    806452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32862.754686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32862.754686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32940.327895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32940.327895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24450.845813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24450.845813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22450.845813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22450.845813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502853000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    502853000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49708.679320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49708.679320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47708.679320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47708.679320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13993000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13993000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.130179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.130179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    910681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    910681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30899.872818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39223.847842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36350.177623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30899.872818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39223.847842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36350.177623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    860577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    860577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28900.104058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37223.847842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34350.257454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28900.104058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37223.847842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34350.257454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267253000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    910681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30899.872818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39223.847842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36350.177623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    860577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28900.104058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37223.847842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34350.257454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.704790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   160.196542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.681311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.826938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.312884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7913019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12540350000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96968                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34329464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   192514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              405318130                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012540                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12540350000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12540339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12540339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19902                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15191                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35093                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12461                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15699                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    988455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    988455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.139931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.309084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.139931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.309084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64087.708462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62670.652436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62962.927575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64087.708462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62670.652436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62962.927575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3941                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3941                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.139931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.139931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62087.708462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60670.652436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60962.927575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62087.708462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60670.652436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60962.927575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6834                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    988455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.139931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.309084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64087.708462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62670.652436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62962.927575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.139931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62087.708462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60670.652436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60962.927575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5935.462951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              24861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.637840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   196.148189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1415.892923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4323.421840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.086419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.263881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.362272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.599976                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            86780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           86780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    846190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    846190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23002.419333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23002.419333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23002.419333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23002.419333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    772616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    772616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21002.419333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21002.419333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21002.419333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21002.419333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    846190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23002.419333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23002.419333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    772616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21002.419333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21002.419333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.907026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.907026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        35339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        35339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1256960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           84163250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          207232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          797504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1004736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       207232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         207232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       252224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           252224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16525217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63595035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               80120252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16525217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16525217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20112995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20112995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20112995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16525217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63595035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             100233247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3899.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3238.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003254164750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           225                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           225                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38289                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3657                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15699                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3941                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15699                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3941                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     42                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     172506500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    78120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                465456500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11041.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29791.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9465                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2933                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15699                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3941                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     175.763347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.268810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    209.075697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3914     55.13%     55.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1584     22.31%     77.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          801     11.28%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          241      3.39%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          162      2.28%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           89      1.25%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.83%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.82%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          191      2.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       69.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.238322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     168.850684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            204     90.67%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      6.22%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.78%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.44%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.235556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.205963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                87     38.67%     38.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.33%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               131     58.22%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.33%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  999936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   248192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1004736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                252224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         79.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      80.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12539235000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      638453.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       207232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       792704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       248192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16525216.600812576711                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63212270.789890229702                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19791473.124753296375                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3238                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12461                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3941                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     99447000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    366009500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 289116238750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30712.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29372.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  73361136.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26589360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14124990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             56198940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10737540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      989570400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2946760350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2334012000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6377993580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.597733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6039845500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    418600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6081904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24133200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12815715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             55356420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9505620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      989570400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2940303960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2339448960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6371134275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.050754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6052513500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    418600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6069236500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1515233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1515233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1529226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1529226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34604.631512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34604.631512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34650.397662                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34650.397662                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1427661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1440962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1440962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32604.677187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32604.677187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32650.442979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32650.442979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    625195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22638.868772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22638.868772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    569963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20638.868772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20638.868772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890038000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    890038000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55039.144147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55039.144147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    857698000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857698000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53039.267825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53039.267825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13993000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13993000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.820135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.820135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    501860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1617353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    501860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1617353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21687.986171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40338.950566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31842.045164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21687.986171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40338.950566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31842.045164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    455580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1515769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    455580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1515769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19687.986171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38339.022891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.084539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19687.986171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38339.022891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.084539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    501860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1617353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21687.986171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40338.950566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31842.045164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    455580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1515769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19687.986171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38339.022891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.084539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.289703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   151.063988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.427843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.797872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.295047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.487886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12540350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16915051000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100088                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34333008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199862                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423246693                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016915                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16915051000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16915040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16915040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34334                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22707                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57041                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        16143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16143                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19727                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1244481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1244481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.256969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.256969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64893.973214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62683.578021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63085.162468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64893.973214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62683.578021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63085.162468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4578                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4578                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    979615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    979615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62893.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60683.578021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61085.162468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62893.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60683.578021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61085.162468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8509                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1244481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.256969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64893.973214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62683.578021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63085.162468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    979615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62893.973214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60683.578021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61085.162468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7279.805035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.611000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   232.984353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1471.923829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5574.896853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.340265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.444324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.749512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           123423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          123423                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1265873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1265873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1265873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1265873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21392.746692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21392.746692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21392.746692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21392.746692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19392.746692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19392.746692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19392.746692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19392.746692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1265873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1265873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21392.746692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21392.746692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19392.746692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19392.746692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.965583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.965583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1555520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1555520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1555520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42617000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105887750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          229376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1033152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1262528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       229376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         229376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       292992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           292992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13560468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61078858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74639326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13560468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13560468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17321378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17321378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17321378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13560468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61078858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              91960704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4509.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3584.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16053.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003254164750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           259                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           259                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                48069                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4231                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19727                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4578                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19727                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4578                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     69                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     218930250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    98185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                587124000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11148.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29898.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11332                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3273                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19727                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4578                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.236469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.951674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    189.459621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5446     57.24%     57.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2073     21.79%     79.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1126     11.83%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          284      2.98%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          174      1.83%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           95      1.00%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      0.67%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.62%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          194      2.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       75.544402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.554814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     159.163173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            225     86.87%     86.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           27     10.42%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.54%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.39%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.312741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.284571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.979772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     34.75%     34.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.16%     35.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               162     62.55%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.16%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1256768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   286976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1262528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                292992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16911823000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      695816.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       229376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1027392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       286976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13560467.538643542677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60738332.979309372604                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16965718.873682379723                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3584                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16143                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4578                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    112932250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    474191750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 391890152250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31510.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29374.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  85602916.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34393380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18276720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             69936300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12006000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1334998080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4102755120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3040428000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8612793600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.179287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7865294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    564720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8485037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              33550860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17832705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             70271880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11400480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1334998080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4059046380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3077235360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8604335745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.679267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7959562250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    564720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8390768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2058089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2072082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2072082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33155.411283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33155.411283                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33195.802627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33195.802627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1933943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1933943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1947244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31155.443503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31155.443503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31195.834668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31195.834668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    901866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    901866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21702.947900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21702.947900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    818758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19702.996029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19702.996029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1156223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56348.896145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56348.896145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54348.896145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54348.896145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13993000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13993000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38442.196532                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.125280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.125280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    718346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1484665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2203011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    718346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1484665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2203011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18944.722823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38214.331677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28696.622335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18944.722823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38214.331677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28696.622335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    642510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2049475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    642510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2049475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.722823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36214.383156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26696.648387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.722823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36214.383156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26696.648387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    718346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1484665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2203011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18944.722823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38214.331677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28696.622335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    642510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2049475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.722823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36214.383156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26696.648387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.990661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.603759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.677993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.708908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.284382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.204449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16915051000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21363757000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102903                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34343820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205075                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439672048                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021364                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21363757000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21363746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21363746                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           71819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44658                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27161                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          71819                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        24655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         28954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24655                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        28954                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1538256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1819815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1538256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1819815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.475818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.475818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65494.068388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62391.239100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62851.937556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65494.068388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62391.239100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62851.937556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        10121                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            10121                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        28954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        28954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.475818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.475818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.068388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60391.239100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60851.937556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.068388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60391.239100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60851.937556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15144                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          71819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        28954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1538256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1819815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.475818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.287319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65494.068388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62391.239100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62851.937556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.475818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.068388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60391.239100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60851.937556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8637.400594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              59697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.941957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   243.657560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1486.525161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6907.217872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.421583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.527185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5964                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912231                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           166602                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          166602                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1592517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1592517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21285.781116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21285.781116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21285.781116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21285.781116                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1442885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1442885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1442885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1442885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19285.781116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19285.781116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19285.781116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19285.781116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1592517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1592517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21285.781116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21285.781116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1442885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1442885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19285.781116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19285.781116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.597458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.597458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               28954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        68029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2500800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2500800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2500800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            79559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          155177500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          275136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1577920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1853056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       275136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         275136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       647744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           647744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                28954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12878634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73859668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               86738302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12878634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12878634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        30319761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              30319761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        30319761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12878634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73859668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             117058062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24559.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003254164750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           570                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           570                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73132                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                9468                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        28954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10121                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      28954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10121                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     313784000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   144290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                854871500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10873.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29623.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7893                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  28954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10121                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    28838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     187.556092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.893923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    230.436570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7187     54.18%     54.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2942     22.18%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1518     11.44%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          417      3.14%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          257      1.94%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          172      1.30%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          132      1.00%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          110      0.83%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          529      3.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       50.598246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.907728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     111.681201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            531     93.16%     93.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           32      5.61%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      0.70%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.18%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.568421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.547508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.840361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               124     21.75%     21.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.70%     22.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               437     76.67%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.70%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1846912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   640896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1853056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                647744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         86.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         30.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      86.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      30.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21363537000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      546731.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       275136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1571776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       640896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12878633.659800566733                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 73572078.169584125280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29999217.834203973413                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24655                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10121                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    138001250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    716870250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 502985931500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32100.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29076.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49697256.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              47887980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              25449270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            100559760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            25212600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1685957520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5328591420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3716448000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10930106550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.619120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9607009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    713180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11043567750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              46824120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24887610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            105486360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            27060480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1685957520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5321596950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3722338080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10934151120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.808439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9621337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    713180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11029239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2862541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2862541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2906327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2906327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35835.067162                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35835.067162                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36052.832670                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36052.832670                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2702781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2702781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2745103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2745103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33835.092200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33835.092200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34052.857480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34052.857480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1107192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1107192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21802.843527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21802.843527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19802.843527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19802.843527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1755349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60323.344445                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60323.344445                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1697153000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1697153000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58323.413176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58323.413176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43786000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43786000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42322000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42322000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.307429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.307429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    909402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2162554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3071956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    909402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2162554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3071956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18575.525461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41734.450084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30483.616806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18575.525461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41734.450084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30483.616806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    811488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    811488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16575.525461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39734.488681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28483.636652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16575.525461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39734.488681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28483.636652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    909402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2162554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3071956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18575.525461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41734.450084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30483.616806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    811488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16575.525461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39734.488681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28483.636652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.409078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.338394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.171307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.899376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21363757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25635268000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109615                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34358068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217529                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468329553                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025635                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25635268000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25635257                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25635257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           82105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51227                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30878                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          82105                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29764                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34743                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1844971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2171159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1844971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2171159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.297335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.297335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.753565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61986.661739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.983997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.753565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61986.661739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.983997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        14206                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            14206                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    316230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1785443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    316230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1785443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63512.753565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59986.661739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.983997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63512.753565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59986.661739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.983997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 20002                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          82105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1844971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2171159000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.297335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.753565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61986.661739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.983997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    316230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1785443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63512.753565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59986.661739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.983997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9810.702375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              84032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            20002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.201180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   232.856257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1504.514922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8073.331196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.091828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.492757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.598798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15882                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969360                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           194372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          194372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2075493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2075493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20310.734242                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20310.734242                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20310.734242                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20310.734242                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1871119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1871119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18310.734242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18310.734242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18310.734242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18310.734242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2075493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20310.734242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20310.734242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1871119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18310.734242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18310.734242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.997785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.997785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        83692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        83692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  83692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3132736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3132736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3132736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           105773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185863500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          318656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1904896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2223552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       318656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         318656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       909184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           909184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         14206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               14206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12430375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74307630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               86738005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12430375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12430375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35466140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35466140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35466140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12430375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74307630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             122204145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14131.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4979.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29668.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003562560500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           802                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           802                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                89848                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13344                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34743                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       14206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34743                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     14206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     363806250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   173235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1013437500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10500.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29250.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11385                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34743                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 14206                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        14851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.142886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.704191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    259.116672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7602     51.19%     51.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3395     22.86%     74.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1636     11.02%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          482      3.25%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          320      2.15%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          217      1.46%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      1.37%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          155      1.04%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          840      5.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         14851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       43.200748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      28.972422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      96.326113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            760     94.76%     94.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           33      4.11%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      0.75%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.581426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.812142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               161     20.07%     20.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.50%     20.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               632     78.80%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.50%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2217408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   903424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2223552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                909184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         86.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         35.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      86.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25595120000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      522893.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       318656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1898752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       903424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12430375.215893978253                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74067959.812239915133                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 35241449.396979190409                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4979                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29764                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        14206                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    159946250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    853491250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 607591495250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32124.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28675.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  42770061.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              53435760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28401780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121994040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            36404280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2023394880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5831067510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4933570560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13028268810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.216603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12763185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    855920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12016162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52600380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27957765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            125385540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            37281240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2023394880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5788120860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4969736160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13024476825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.068682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12857052500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    855920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11922295500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3334060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3334060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3377846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3377846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37379.449521                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37379.449521                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37562.089250                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37562.089250                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3155672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3155672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3197994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3197994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35379.471943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35379.471943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35562.111490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35562.111490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1191627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1191627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21776.809211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21776.809211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1082189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1082189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19776.845760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19776.845760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2142433000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2142433000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62144.539521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62144.539521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2073483000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2073483000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60144.539521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60144.539521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43786000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43786000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42322000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42322000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57816.939891                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.422829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.422829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2573789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3620697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2573789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3620697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18626.267658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42441.650314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30986.118837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18626.267658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42441.650314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30986.118837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2452505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3387001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2452505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3387001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16626.267658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40441.683294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28986.135953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16626.267658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40441.683294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28986.135953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2573789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3620697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18626.267658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42441.650314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30986.118837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2452505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3387001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16626.267658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40441.683294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28986.135953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.674167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.514905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.699410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.459853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.243193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.536054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25635268000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29770117000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120273                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34364964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              511503304                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029770                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29770117000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29770117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29770117                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           98981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60209                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        38772                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          98981                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        30841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         36025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        30841                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        36025                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2254975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2254975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65535.300926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62100.450699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62594.725885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65535.300926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62100.450699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62594.725885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        15146                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            15146                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        36025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        36025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1853558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1853558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63535.300926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60100.450699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60594.725885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63535.300926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60100.450699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60594.725885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 21236                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        38772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          98981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        30841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        36025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915240000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2254975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65535.300926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62100.450699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62594.725885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1853558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.443035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63535.300926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60100.450699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60594.725885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10656.471743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            37177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.839229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   224.692308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1540.556156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8891.223280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.650419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972961                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           217085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          217085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2651505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2651505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2651505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2651505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19317.249619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19317.249619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19317.249619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19317.249619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2376983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2376983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2376983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2376983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17317.249619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17317.249619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17317.249619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17317.249619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2651505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2651505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19317.249619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19317.249619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2376983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2376983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17317.249619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17317.249619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.275878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.275878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        87196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        87196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  87196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           111755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          192789250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          331776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1973824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2305600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       331776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         331776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       969344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           969344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            30841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                36025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         15146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               15146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11144598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           66302192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77446790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11144598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11144598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32560974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32560974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32560974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11144598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          66302192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             110007764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15071.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5184.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     30745.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003562560500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           855                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           855                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                94395                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14217                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        36025                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       15146                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      36025                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     15146                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     380763000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   179645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1054431750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10597.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29347.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    12100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  36025                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 15146                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.278180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.975882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.931301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8021     50.97%     50.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3711     23.58%     74.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1706     10.84%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          511      3.25%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          343      2.18%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          226      1.44%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          217      1.38%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          158      1.00%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          845      5.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       42.002339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      28.583132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      93.417636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            813     95.09%     95.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           33      3.86%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      0.70%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.592982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.572964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.821518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               176     20.58%     20.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.47%     21.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               668     78.13%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.70%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2299456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   962688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2305600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                969344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         77.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         32.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29746680000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      581319.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       331776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1967680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       962688                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11144598.457574084401                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 66095810.103803090751                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 32337393.904095172882                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5184                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        30841                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15146                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    166647500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    887784250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 699097395250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32146.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28785.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  46157229.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              54920880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29191140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            124221720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            37714500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2349768720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6097326480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6297134400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14990277840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.534395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16305380750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    993980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12470756250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              57448440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30534570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            132311340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            40804740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2349768720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6159536280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6244747200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15015151290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.369912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16168374250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    993980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12607762750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3544169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3544169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3679316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3679316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35671.772935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35671.772935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35694.137506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35694.137506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3345459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3345459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3473158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33671.772935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33671.772935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33694.137506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33694.137506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1360916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1360916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21299.923309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21299.923309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1233130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19299.923309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19299.923309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2183253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2183253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61565.986126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61565.986126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2112329000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2112329000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59565.986126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59565.986126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135147000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    135147000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36290.816327                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36290.816327                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127699000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127699000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34290.816327                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34290.816327                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.502994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.502994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1179476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2758527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3938003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1179476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2758527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3938003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18036.731760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39626.607099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29169.096188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18036.731760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39626.607099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29169.096188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1048690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1048690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16036.731760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37626.607099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27169.096188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16036.731760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37626.607099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27169.096188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1179476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2758527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3938003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18036.731760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39626.607099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29169.096188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1048690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16036.731760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37626.607099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27169.096188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.858316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.097207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   127.759276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.001833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.249530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29770117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
