
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6651455000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 175848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1341152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   317296                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     5.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1169288053                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006651                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6651455000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205589                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210806                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156161                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6651444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6651444                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688493                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10807      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398896     77.50%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2115      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1900      0.11%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5241      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208981     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142263      7.88%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1721      0.10%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2378857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2378857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59394.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59394.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59394.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59394.212524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2298753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2298753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2298753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2298753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57394.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57394.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57394.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57394.212524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39796                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2378857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59394.212524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59394.212524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2298753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2298753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57394.212524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57394.212524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.754605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1321949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.218138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.754605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1372843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1372843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        88090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3068352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3068352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3068352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            79127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          215582250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1893888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          675520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2569408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1893888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1893888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       498944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           498944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            29592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7796                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7796                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          284732889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          101559734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              386292623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     284732889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         284732889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        75012760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              75012760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        75012760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         284732889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         101559734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             461305384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6617.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     29592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9638.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000413166750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           390                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           390                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                87688                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6211                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40147                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7796                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7796                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     917                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     434322000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   196150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1169884500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11071.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29821.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24696                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5118                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40147                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7796                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     183.146640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.473377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.035804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7072     44.17%     44.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4811     30.05%     74.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1930     12.05%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1109      6.93%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          483      3.02%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          283      1.77%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          108      0.67%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.31%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      100.561538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      80.460967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      71.678159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              53     13.59%     13.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             71     18.21%     31.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             91     23.33%     55.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            72     18.46%     73.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           44     11.28%     84.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           28      7.18%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           12      3.08%     95.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           10      2.56%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.77%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      0.51%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.917949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.887150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.028357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               211     54.10%     54.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      3.08%     57.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               155     39.74%     96.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      3.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2510720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    58688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   422272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2569408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                498944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        377.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         63.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     386.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      75.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6650314000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      138712.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1893888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       616832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       422272                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 284732889.270092070103                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 92736401.283628925681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 63485658.401056617498                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7796                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    848254250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    321630250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 158698575250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28664.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30471.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  20356410.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              57726900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              30682575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            133389480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19507140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      524902560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2841136500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         161622720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3768967875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         566.638108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    395735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    222040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6033679250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56613060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30082965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            146712720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14934420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      524902560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2873901810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         134030880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3781178415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         568.473878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    322306000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    222040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6107109000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    881089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    902262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    902262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52123.106957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52123.106957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52420.520567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52420.520567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    847283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    847283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    867840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    867840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50123.225272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50123.225272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50420.636765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50420.636765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    567775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49128.233971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49128.233971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47128.407026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47128.407026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313314000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    313314000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58596.222181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58596.222181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56596.222181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56596.222181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21173000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     21173000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68743.506494                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68743.506494                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66743.506494                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66743.506494                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.401332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  358750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.158950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.401332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                384117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               384117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2042737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2781655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2042737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2781655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           57264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          57264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.701104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69030.041903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69999.810534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69285.020424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69030.041903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69999.810534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69285.020424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1983553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2701361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1983553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2701361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67030.041903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        68000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67285.070240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67030.041903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        68000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67285.070240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45706                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2042737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2781655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          57264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69030.041903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69999.810534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69285.020424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1983553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2701361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67030.041903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        68000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67285.070240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.386356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.435195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.766656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   237.647780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   174.971921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.464156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.341742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               112654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              112654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                57264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               57263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           200260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            103124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            86055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6651455000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14220533000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 175326                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1372488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   320644                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1246479883                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000148                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3658064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014221                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14220533000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427659                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3658064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452241                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           411                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313153                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688235                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3904                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14220522                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14220522                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221531                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331712                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334559                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  42433                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         42433                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                53646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16670                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55145                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625353                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7203923                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941581                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765248                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16606      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835454     77.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     3045      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2718      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8397      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449240     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290030      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2862      0.08%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3658138                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2601752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2601752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2601752                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2601752                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86483                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86483                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5286682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5286682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5286682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5286682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61129.724917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61129.724917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61129.724917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61129.724917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5113718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5113718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5113718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5113718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59129.748043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59129.748043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59129.748043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59129.748043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86226                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2601752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2601752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5286682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5286682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61129.724917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61129.724917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5113718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5113718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59129.748043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59129.748043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.546540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2664671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.903335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.546540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2774717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2774717                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               91144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              91144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       198840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       198840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 198840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6892544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6892544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6892544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           173904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          489656250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4256064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1577152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5833216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4256064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4256064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1059328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1059328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            66501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                91144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          299290048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          110906673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              410196720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     299290048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         299290048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        74492848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              74492848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        74492848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         299290048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         110906673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             484689568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14024.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     66501.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22408.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000539211750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           830                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           830                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               197433                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13187                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        91144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16552                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      91144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2235                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              11571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              7545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     993949500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   444545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2660993250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11179.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29929.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     55574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    10415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  91144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16552                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    88899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.394192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.175247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.077792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16317     44.20%     44.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11657     31.58%     75.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4217     11.42%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2292      6.21%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1123      3.04%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          599      1.62%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          270      0.73%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          143      0.39%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          298      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      107.075904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      91.821798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      60.601331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              54      6.51%      6.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            126     15.18%     21.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            219     26.39%     48.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           186     22.41%     70.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          115     13.86%     84.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           71      8.55%     92.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           25      3.01%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           23      2.77%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            4      0.48%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.36%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.24%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.871084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.840816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.019240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               467     56.27%     56.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                26      3.13%     59.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               315     37.95%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                21      2.53%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5690176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   143040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   896192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5833216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1059328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        400.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         63.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     410.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      74.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14220013000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      132038.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4256064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1434112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       896192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 299290047.707775771618                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 100847978.061019226909                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 63020985.219049103558                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        66501                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24643                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16552                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1899941000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    761052250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 341381301000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28570.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30883.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  20624776.52                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             134167740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              71292870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            295888740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            43915860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1122332640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6092926650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         329799360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8090323860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         568.918469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    804859500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    474760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12940913500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             129462480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              68803350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            338921520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            29179800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1122332640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6137889390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         291936000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8118525180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         570.901610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    704636500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    474760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13041136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           724953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               724953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          726225                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              726225                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39095                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39095                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2068926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2099770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2099770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.050464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.051083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53699.283638                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53699.283638                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53709.425758                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53709.425758                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19532                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19532                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1991870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2021580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2021580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51699.283638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51699.283638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51709.425758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51709.425758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38839                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          421884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              421884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1534316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1534316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.063317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53801.669121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53801.669121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51801.669121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51801.669121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534610000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    534610000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53407.592408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53407.592408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514590000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514590000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031973                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031973                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51407.592408                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51407.592408                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1272                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1272                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          567                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             567                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30844000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30844000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1839                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1839                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308320                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.308320                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54398.589065                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54398.589065                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          567                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29710000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29710000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308320                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308320                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52398.589065                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52398.589065                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.252246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.357759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.252246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                804415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               804415                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         66502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             91145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        66502                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            91145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4584238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1734619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6318857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4584238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1734619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6318857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          125578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         125578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.768960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.725804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.768960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.725804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68933.836576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70389.928174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69327.522080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68933.836576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70389.928174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69327.522080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16552                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16552                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        91145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4451236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1685333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6136569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4451236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1685333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6136569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.768960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.768960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66933.866651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68389.928174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67327.544023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66933.866651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68389.928174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67327.544023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104191                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        66502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            91145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4584238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1734619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6318857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         125578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.768960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.725804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68933.836576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70389.928174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69327.522080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        91145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4451236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1685333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6136569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.768960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66933.866651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68389.928174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67327.544023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.309769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 144461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.386502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.406643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   298.905855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   134.997272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.149232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.583800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.263667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               249813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              249813                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               125578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              125577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19532                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  270687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3752128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9286976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           432410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            223238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           195475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14220533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21618096000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 158419                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373144                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   292041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1141538446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5530531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021618                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21618096000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652199                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5530531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694749                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           668                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472332                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           246                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048426                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          5915                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21618085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21618085                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3362570                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972668                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       508845                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  64358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         64358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                81597                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               26787                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82489                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5482469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5482469                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10859553                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4427343                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694581                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1166902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472321                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22862      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4285814     77.49%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4147      0.07%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4804      0.09%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4142      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12618      0.23%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689674     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438318      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4907      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5530631                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3913705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3913705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3913705                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3913705                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         134721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             134721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        134721                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            134721                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8179180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8179180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8179180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8179180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60711.989964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60711.989964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60711.989964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60711.989964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        134721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       134721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7909740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7909740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7909740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7909740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58712.004810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58712.004810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58712.004810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58712.004810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     134464                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3913705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3913705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        134721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            134721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8179180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8179180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60711.989964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60711.989964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       134721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7909740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7909740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58712.004810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58712.004810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.386097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4009026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                134464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.814865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.386097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4183146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4183146                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              139657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             139657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           262172000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          749818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6575104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2362944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             8938048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6575104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6575104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           102736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            36921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               139657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          304148154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          109303983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              413452138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     304148154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         304148154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        72540708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              72540708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        72540708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         304148154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         109303983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             485992846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    102736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     33132.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000860075250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1200                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1200                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               300945                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19052                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       139657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     139657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               7741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               3010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              3045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1497675000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   679340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4045200000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11023.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29773.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     85444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14902                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 139657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   135857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        55751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.184158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.029901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    171.507500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         24298     43.58%     43.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17854     32.02%     75.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6476     11.62%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3408      6.11%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1725      3.09%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          945      1.70%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          400      0.72%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          218      0.39%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          427      0.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         55751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      113.192500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      96.296305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      74.217354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              58      4.83%      4.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            175     14.58%     19.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            326     27.17%     46.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           270     22.50%     69.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          165     13.75%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          109      9.08%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           37      3.08%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           29      2.42%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            8      0.67%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.33%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.33%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.17%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.33%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.17%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.08%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            2      0.17%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.860833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.831384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.004477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               674     56.17%     56.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                44      3.67%     59.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               458     38.17%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      1.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8695552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   242496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1294912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  8938048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1568192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        402.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         59.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     413.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      72.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21616880000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      131681.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6575104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2120448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1294912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 304148154.398056149483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 98086714.019588038325                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 59899447.203861065209                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       102736                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        36921                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2929961750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1115238250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 523966218250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28519.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30206.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21383757.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             197428140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             104931750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            431191740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            62801820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1706240640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9178128600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         572398560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12253121250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         566.799280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1407654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    721760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19488681750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             200662560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             106643295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            538905780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            42814440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1706240640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9348583680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         428857440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12372707835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         572.331062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1033525500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    721760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19862810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1105635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1105635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1108154                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1108154                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          58035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              58035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58827                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58827                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3074520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3074520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3120064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3120064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1163670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1163670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1166981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1166981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.049872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.050410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52976.996640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52976.996640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53037.958760                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53037.958760                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           29065                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 29065                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         58035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2958450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2958450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3002410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3002410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50976.996640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50976.996640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51037.958760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51037.958760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      58571                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          648352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              648352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2299909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2299909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.062314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53379.496820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53379.496820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2213737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51379.496820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51379.496820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    774611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51816.910830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51816.910830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    744713000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744713000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49816.910830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49816.910830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2519                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2519                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          792                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             792                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45544000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     45544000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3311                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3311                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.239203                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.239203                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57505.050505                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57505.050505                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          792                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43960000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43960000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.239203                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239203                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55505.050505                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55505.050505                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.508122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1135398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 58571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.384986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.508122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1225808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1225808                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        102737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            139658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       102737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           139658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7076724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2569144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9645868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7076724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2569144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9645868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       134721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       134721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68881.941268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69584.897484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69067.779862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68881.941268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69584.897484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69067.779862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       139658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       139658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6871252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2495302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6871252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2495302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66881.960735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67584.897484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67067.794183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66881.960735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67584.897484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67067.794183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    159315                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       102737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           139658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7076724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2569144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9645868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       134721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68881.941268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69584.897484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69067.779862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       139658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6871252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2495302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66881.960735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67584.897484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67067.794183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        29065                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29065                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        29065                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29065                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.888154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               159315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.385902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.893440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   310.026455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   129.968260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.605520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.253844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               382440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              382440                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         29065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       269441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  416160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5625088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8622080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14247168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           673600000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            338873000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           294135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21618096000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26051549000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 157129                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   293909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1023342389                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000053                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7482115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26051549000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            894763                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7482115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932474                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           674                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      610903                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5410815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          5943                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26051538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26051538                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4634764                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2620652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       699865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  98229                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         98229                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136555                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54513                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7402802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7402802                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14588453                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5970663                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      932306                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1543198                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610892                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30547      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5827461     77.88%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5245      0.07%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29895      0.40%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2598      0.03%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11074      0.15%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8474      0.11%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23625      0.32%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923808     12.35%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  572910      7.66%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8498      0.11%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              37982      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7482224                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        24469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        24469                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31144                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1034                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1613                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     96198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     96198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        25048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        32757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        25048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        32757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62065.630397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58280.464217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59639.181649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62065.630397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58280.464217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59639.181649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60065.630397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56280.464217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57639.181649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60065.630397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56280.464217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57639.181649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        24469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        25048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        32757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62065.630397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58280.464217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59639.181649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60065.630397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56280.464217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57639.181649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5391                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5391                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5391                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5391                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          231.382127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      21618174000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.094849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.997096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   112.290181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.014038                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            39988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           39988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5239739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5239739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5239739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5239739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         171076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             171076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        171076                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            171076                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8860993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8860993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8860993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8860993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5410815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5410815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5410815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5410815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51795.652225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51795.652225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51795.652225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51795.652225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       171076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        171076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       171076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       171076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8518843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8518843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8518843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8518843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49795.663915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49795.663915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49795.663915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49795.663915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     170819                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5239739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5239739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        171076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            171076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8860993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8860993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5410815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5410815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51795.652225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51795.652225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       171076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       171076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8518843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8518843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49795.663915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49795.663915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.660751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5270136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                170819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.852165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.660751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5581890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5581890                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              141270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             141270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         3226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         3226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 307043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       103232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       103232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10609472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           263785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            8613250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          749818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6612160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2429120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9041280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6612160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6612160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           103315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               141270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          253810628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93242824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              347053452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     253810628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         253810628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        60195730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              60195730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        60195730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         253810628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93242824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             407249181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    103315.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000860075250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1200                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1200                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               305289                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19052                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       141270                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     141270                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               7837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              11449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             10081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               3010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              3045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1510139500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   687355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4087720750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10985.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29735.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     86515                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14902                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 141270                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   137460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        56287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.314158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.921356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.451914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         24596     43.70%     43.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17983     31.95%     75.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6513     11.57%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3423      6.08%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1739      3.09%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          951      1.69%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          402      0.71%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          220      0.39%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          460      0.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         56287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      113.192500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      96.296305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      74.217354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              58      4.83%      4.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            175     14.58%     19.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            326     27.17%     46.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           270     22.50%     69.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          165     13.75%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          109      9.08%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           37      3.08%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           29      2.42%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            8      0.67%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.33%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.33%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.17%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.33%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.17%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.08%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            2      0.17%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.860833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.831384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.004477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               674     56.17%     56.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                44      3.67%     59.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               458     38.17%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      1.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8798144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   243136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1294912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9041280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1568192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        337.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         49.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     347.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      60.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25985675000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      156754.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6612160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2185984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1294912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 253810627.536965280771                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 83909943.320452839136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 49705758.379281014204                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       103315                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37955                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2946577500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1141143250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 523966218250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28520.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30065.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21383757.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             199484460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             106028505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            438110400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            62801820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2055970800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9557953230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1954992480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14375341695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.803722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4998029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    869700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20183819500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             202404720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             107580660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            543432540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            42814440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2055970800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9604483470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1915809120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14472495750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.533022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4896602250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    869700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20285246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1466682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1466682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1470067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1470067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          72276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              72276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         73201                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             73201                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3373119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3373119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3424790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3424790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1538958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1538958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1543268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1543268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46669.973435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46669.973435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46786.109479                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46786.109479                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36170                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36170                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        72276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         72276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3228567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3228567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3278388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3278388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44669.973435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44669.973435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44786.109479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44786.109479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      72945                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          873714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              873714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2521184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2521184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       928163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          928163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46303.586843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46303.586843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2412286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2412286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44303.586843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44303.586843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         592968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             592968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    851935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       610795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         610795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47789.027879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47789.027879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    816281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45789.027879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45789.027879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3385                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3385                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             925                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51671000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     51671000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4310                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4310                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.214617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.214617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55860.540541                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55860.540541                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          925                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49821000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49821000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.214617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53860.540541                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53860.540541                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.591830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1506735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 72945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.655768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.591830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1616469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1616469                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        127785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            172415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       127785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           172415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7437126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2727555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10164681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7437126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2727555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10164681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       171076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        73201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          244277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       171076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        73201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         244277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.746949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.705818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.746949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.705818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58200.305200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61114.833072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58954.737117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58200.305200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61114.833072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58954.737117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          29894                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                29894                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       127785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       172415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       127785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       172415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7181558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9819853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7181558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9819853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.746949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.746949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56200.320851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59114.833072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56954.748717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56200.320851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59114.833072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56954.748717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    196461                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       127785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           172415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7437126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2727555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10164681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       171076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        73201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         244277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.746949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.705818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58200.305200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61114.833072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58954.737117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       127785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       172415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7181558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2638295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9819853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.746949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56200.320851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59114.833072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56954.748717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.077368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 276588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               196461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.608250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   304.100239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   135.368878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.593946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.264392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               477420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              477420                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               244277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              244276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       182572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       342151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  524723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6999744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10948800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17948544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           855375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            425127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           366005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26051549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30402495000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 160984                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   303406                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              978853373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9423566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030402                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30402495000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1136237                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9423566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1168877                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           697                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      746952                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6772417                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6027                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30402495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30402495                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5901362                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3269165                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       890065                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 129721                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        129721                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               188842                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               81875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      134970                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9314426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9314426                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18297939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7508032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1168708                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1915649                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     746941                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 37129      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7364158     78.15%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6339      0.07%     78.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     31960      0.34%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3841      0.04%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    17272      0.18%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12754      0.14%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   34468      0.37%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1156651     12.27%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  706971      7.50%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12057      0.13%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              39970      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9423677                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        49065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           62816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        49065                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13751                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          62816                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2341                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    141160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    141160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61676.499508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59240.936556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60299.017514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61676.499508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59240.936556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60299.017514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59676.499508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57240.936556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58299.017514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59676.499508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57240.936556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58299.017514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        49065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          62816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61676.499508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59240.936556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60299.017514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59676.499508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57240.936556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58299.017514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          546.338041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              75395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            29.336576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      21618174000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    60.218652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   214.843694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   271.275696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.019608                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            77965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           77965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6565110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6565110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6565110                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6565110                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         207307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             207307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        207307                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            207307                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9532063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9532063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9532063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9532063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6772417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6772417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45980.420343                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45980.420343                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45980.420343                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45980.420343                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       207307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        207307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       207307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       207307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9117449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9117449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9117449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9117449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43980.420343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43980.420343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43980.420343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43980.420343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     207051                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6565110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6565110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        207307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            207307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9532063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9532063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6772417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45980.420343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45980.420343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       207307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       207307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9117449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9117449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43980.420343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43980.420343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.852413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6772417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                207307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.668540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.852413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6979724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6979724                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              141998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             141998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         4682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         4682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 308499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10506240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       149824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       149824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10656064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           264513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           12517250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          749818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6640192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2447680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9087872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6640192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6640192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           103753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               141998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          218409443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           80509182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              298918625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     218409443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         218409443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        51581030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              51581030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        51581030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         218409443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          80509182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             350499655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    103753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34446.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000860075250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1200                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1200                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               307863                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19052                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       141998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     141998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              11483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             10126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               3010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              3045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1517163500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   690995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4108394750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10978.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29728.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     86970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14902                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 141998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   138188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        56560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.272419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.865274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.567668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         24731     43.73%     43.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18070     31.95%     75.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6534     11.55%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3433      6.07%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1744      3.08%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          958      1.69%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          402      0.71%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          221      0.39%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          467      0.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         56560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      113.192500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      96.296305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      74.217354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              58      4.83%      4.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            175     14.58%     19.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            326     27.17%     46.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           270     22.50%     69.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          165     13.75%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          109      9.08%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           37      3.08%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           29      2.42%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            8      0.67%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.33%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.33%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.17%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.33%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.17%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.08%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            2      0.17%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.860833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.831384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.004477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               674     56.17%     56.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                44      3.67%     59.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               458     38.17%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      1.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8844736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   243136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1294912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9087872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1568192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        290.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     298.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      51.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29679940000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      178256.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6640192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2204544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1294912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 218409443.040776729584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 72511943.509899437428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42592293.823253646493                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       103753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38245                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2958761250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1149633500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 523966218250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28517.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30059.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21383757.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             200434080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             106533240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            440473740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            62801820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2399554560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9708992970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3498564000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16417354410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         540.000234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9009415000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1015040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20378040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             203404320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             108111960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            546267120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            42814440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2399554560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9799266150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3422544480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16521963030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.441024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8811789250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1015040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20575665750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1825420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1825420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1829671                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1829671                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          84986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              84986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86047                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86047                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3607023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3607023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3664593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3664593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1910406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1910406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1915718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1915718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42442.555244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42442.555244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42588.271526                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42588.271526                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        84986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         84986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3437051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3437051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3492499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3492499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40442.555244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40442.555244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40588.271526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40588.271526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85791                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1098677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1098677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         64887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             64887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2712382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2712382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1163564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1163564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41801.624362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41801.624362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2582608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2582608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39801.624362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39801.624362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         726743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             726743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894641000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    894641000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       746842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         746842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44511.717001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44511.717001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42511.717001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42511.717001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4251                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4251                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1061                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1061                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     57570000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     57570000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          5312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.199736                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199736                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54260.131951                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54260.131951                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1061                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55448000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55448000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.199736                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199736                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52260.131951                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52260.131951                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.650244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1915718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 86047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.263623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.650244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2001765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2001765                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               88540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          54489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              88540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        152818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       152818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7788481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2840906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10629387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7788481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2840906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10629387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       207307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          293354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       207307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         293354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.737158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.737158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50965.730477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54637.010539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51897.756013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50965.730477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54637.010539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51897.756013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34741                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34741                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       152818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       152818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7482845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10219759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7482845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10219759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.737158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.737158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48965.730477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52637.010539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49897.756013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48965.730477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52637.010539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49897.756013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    232960                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          54489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              88540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       152818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7788481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2840906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10629387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       207307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         293354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.737158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50965.730477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54637.010539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51897.756013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       152818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7482845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10219759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.737158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48965.730477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52637.010539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49897.756013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.209407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 335465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               233472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.436853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.014231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   306.340325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   133.854852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.598321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.261435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               568937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              568937                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               293354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              293354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       214205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       414614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  628819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8202112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13267648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 21469760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1036535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            503909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30402495000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
