
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4683698000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 247709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   480053                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1160005789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000095                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004684                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4683698000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238560                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367976                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4683687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4683687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243715                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              593734                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17413                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17413                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26619                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14821                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21747                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1919823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1919823                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3784293                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211563                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156384                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7173      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1527385     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10924      0.56%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11235      0.58%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1079      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2480      0.13%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9993      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209127     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156232      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2436      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338846                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338846                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29130                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29130                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    827096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    827096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28393.271541                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28393.271541                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28393.271541                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28393.271541                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    768836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    768836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    768836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    768836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26393.271541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26393.271541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26393.271541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26393.271541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28913                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28393.271541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28393.271541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    768836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    768836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26393.271541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26393.271541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.552407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  663047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 22.932487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.552407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.842002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.842002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1397106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1397106                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30147000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           57719250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          405184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          279104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              684288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       405184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         405184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           86509421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59590520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              146099941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      86509421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          86509421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        53168244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              53168244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        53168244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          86509421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59590520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             199268185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3781.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6331.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4306.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           221                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           221                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26196                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3546                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    110                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     135347000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                334790750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12724.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31474.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5373                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2358                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10692                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     138.240769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    110.314750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    108.780604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3422     51.37%     51.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1869     28.05%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1171     17.58%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          116      1.74%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      0.65%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.32%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.11%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.06%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       48.113122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.353583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      55.875111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              36     16.29%     16.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            169     76.47%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             10      4.52%     97.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.90%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      1.36%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.027149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.992473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.095107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               113     51.13%     51.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.81%     52.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                90     40.72%     93.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                13      5.88%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  680768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   240832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   684288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        145.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         51.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     146.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      53.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4683232000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      321143.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       405184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       275584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       240832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 86509420.547610029578                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58838977.235509209335                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 51419199.102931059897                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6331                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4361                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3891                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144913000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 110715938750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29991.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33229.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  28454366.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22162560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11764500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24654420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10993320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      369398640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1527030000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         512620320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2478623760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.202301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1317269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    156260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3210168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25454100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13517790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51293760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8649540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      369398640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1851240300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         239601120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2559155250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.396298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    605318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    156260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3922120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6559                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6559                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57946.943132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57946.943132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57946.943132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57946.943132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55947.248056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55947.248056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55947.248056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55947.248056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6302                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49188.721385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49188.721385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47189.838079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47189.838079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61236.786913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61236.786913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59236.786913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59236.786913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.653408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  356956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.641701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.653408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.967396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.967396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374503                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    766352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    766352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70370.557574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73552.498854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71668.568222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70370.557574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73552.498854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71668.568222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68370.557574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71552.957359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69668.755260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68370.557574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71552.957359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69668.755260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13233                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    766352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70370.557574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73552.498854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71668.568222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68370.557574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71552.957359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69668.755260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.965092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.919142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   194.265468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.598614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.101009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.379425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.480666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.968682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35689                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35688                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       746816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1864320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2611136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4683698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9310254000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 237917                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   461014                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1107436171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3875745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009310                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9310254000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477118                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3875745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423440                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312378                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2736462                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9310243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9310243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2487717                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187243                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370326                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34219                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34219                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52267                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29265                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3839243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3839243                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7568628                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3115337                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423237                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735615                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312378                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14286      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3054418     78.81%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21963      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22554      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2159      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4842      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19915      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418439     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312226      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4798      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3875906                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2678461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2678461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2678461                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2678461                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          58001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              58001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         58001                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             58001                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1611748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1611748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1611748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1611748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2736462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2736462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27788.279512                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27788.279512                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27788.279512                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27788.279512                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         58001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1495748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1495748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25788.313995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25788.313995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25788.313995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25788.313995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57783                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2678461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2678461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         58001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             58001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1611748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1611748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27788.279512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27788.279512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1495748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25788.313995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25788.313995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.271761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1361884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.568939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.271761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2794462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2794462                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               20448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              20448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        49076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        49076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  49076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1832192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1832192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1832192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          110505500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          768576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          540096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1308672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       768576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         768576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       523520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           523520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                20448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           82551561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58010877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              140562438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      82551561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          82551561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        56230474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              56230474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        56230474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          82551561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58010877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196792912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7950.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12009.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8358.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           466                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           466                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                50931                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7474                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        20448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8180                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      20448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8180                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      81                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    230                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     266808250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   101835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                648689500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13100.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31850.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9852                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4877                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  20448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8180                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.460364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.305328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    102.769079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7236     53.36%     53.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3726     27.48%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2258     16.65%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          201      1.48%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           77      0.57%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.28%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.07%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       43.682403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.249995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      39.324757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              80     17.17%     17.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            366     78.54%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             14      3.00%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.43%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.64%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.021459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.985769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.110832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               242     51.93%     51.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      2.15%     54.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               178     38.20%     92.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      7.30%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1303488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   507648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1308672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                523520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        140.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         54.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     140.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      56.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9309656000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      325194.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       768576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       534912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       507648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 82551560.891894027591                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57454071.607498571277                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 54525687.483929008245                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12009                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8439                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8180                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    361659250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    287030250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 221881633500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30115.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34012.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  27124894.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43739640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23225400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43703940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21292380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      734494800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2991517890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1055964960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4913939010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.798598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2714828250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    310700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6284725750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53150160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28238595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101716440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20112660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      734494800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3661312920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         491927040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5090952615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.811356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1244061750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    310700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7755492250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722846                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722846                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12811                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12811                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    744249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    744249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    744249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    744249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58094.528140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58094.528140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58094.528140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58094.528140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    718627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    718627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56094.528140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56094.528140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56094.528140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56094.528140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12555                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          420005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              420005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49197.437391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49197.437391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47197.437391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47197.437391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575305000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    575305000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61352.778074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61352.778074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556551000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556551000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59352.778074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59352.778074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.801090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  716371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.058622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.801090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                748468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               748468                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1474412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1474412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70491.174022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74394.241024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72101.912074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70491.174022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74394.241024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72101.912074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1433516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1433516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68491.340550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72394.241024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70102.009878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68491.340550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72394.241024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70102.009878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26136                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1474412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70491.174022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74394.241024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72101.912074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822581000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1433516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68491.340550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72394.241024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70102.009878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.933338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.988369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.606694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    44.664641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.662004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.415247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107717                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1476352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3712000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5188352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           290000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            64055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9310254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13930041000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 246238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   477108                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1143297258                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5813117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013930                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13930041000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            715445                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5813117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635379                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      468454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4104736                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13930030                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13930030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3730578                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1780421                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       555198                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  51034                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         51034                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77930                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64947                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5758541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5758541                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11353576                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4673236                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      635075                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1103529                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     468454                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21404      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4581034     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33030      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33894      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3240      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7204      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29844      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   627915     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  468302      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7160      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5813333                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    33                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4017849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4017849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4017849                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4017849                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86887                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86887                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2392795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2392795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2392795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2392795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4104736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4104736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27539.160058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27539.160058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27539.160058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27539.160058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2219021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2219021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25539.160058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25539.160058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25539.160058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25539.160058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86670                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4017849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4017849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2392795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2392795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4104736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27539.160058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27539.160058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2219021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25539.160058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25539.160058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.513276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2059817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.766205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.513276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4191623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4191623                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        72842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2732800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2732800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2732800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            92932000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          162890750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1128960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          800128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1929088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1128960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1128960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       803712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           803712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                30142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           81044988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57439027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138484015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      81044988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          81044988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        57696313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              57696313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        57696313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          81044988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57439027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196180327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     12173.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           712                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           712                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75643                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11444                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        30142                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12558                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      30142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12558                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    385                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     393102750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   150170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                956240250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13088.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31838.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14516                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  30142                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12558                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    30034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.643052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.286399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    102.504002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10856     53.75%     53.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5381     26.64%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3460     17.13%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      1.44%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          126      0.62%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      0.27%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.07%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.04%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       42.132022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.523137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      32.317683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             120     16.85%     16.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            568     79.78%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             18      2.53%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.42%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.057584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.021779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.111656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               358     50.28%     50.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      2.11%     52.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               281     39.47%     91.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                56      7.87%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1922176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   777280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1929088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                803712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         55.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      57.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13929102000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326208.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1128960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       793216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       777280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 81044987.591924533248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56942833.118725202978                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 55798830.742852799594                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12502                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12558                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    531066000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    425174250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 331355930000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30105.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34008.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26386043.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              66380580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35282115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             64067220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            34342380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1099590960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4448016090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1603438080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7351117425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.716855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4123436250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9341464750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              77840280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41373090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            150375540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            29054520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1099590960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5469236070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         743463360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7610933820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.368372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1880861000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11584040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1084450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1084450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084450                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084450                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19167                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19167                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1105457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1105457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1105457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1105457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1103617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1103617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1103617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1103617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57675.014348                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57675.014348                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57675.014348                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57675.014348                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15518                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15518                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1067125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1067125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1067125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1067125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55675.118694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55675.118694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55675.118694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55675.118694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18910                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          630294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              630294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    248337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48846.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48846.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46847.167585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46847.167585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         454156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             454156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    857120000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    857120000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         468239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60862.032237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60862.032237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828954000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828954000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58862.032237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58862.032237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.193625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1092611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.779535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.193625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1122783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1122783                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1243403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2173564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1243403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2173564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          106054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         106054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70487.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74395.025194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72108.416548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70487.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74395.025194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72108.416548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68487.698413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72395.185156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70108.482898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68487.698413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72395.185156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70108.482898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38919                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1243403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2173564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         106054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70487.698413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74395.025194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72108.416548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68487.698413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72395.185156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70108.482898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.608582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.005473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.137335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    40.863890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.607358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.079812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.495327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161003                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               106054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              106053                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       173774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  227625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2219776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5560768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7780544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           434435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            183644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13930041000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18562300000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 251757                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   487805                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1168267727                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000036                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7750592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18562300000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            953676                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7750592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      847446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      624637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           547                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5472860                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18562286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18562286                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4972877                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2373319                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       739948                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67834                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67834                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103570                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58158                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86557                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7677870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7677870                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15140142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6231888                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      847043                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1471680                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     624637                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28605      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6107125     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44090      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45562      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4320      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9564      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39764      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   837523     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  624485      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9520      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7750864                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5357062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5357062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5357062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5357062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115798                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115798                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3183997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3183997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3183997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3183997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5472860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5472860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5472860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5472860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27496.131194                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.131194                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27496.131194                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.131194                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2952403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2952403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25496.148465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.148465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25496.148465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.148465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     115580                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5357062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5357062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3183997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3183997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5472860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5472860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27496.131194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.131194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2952403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25496.148465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.148465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.634739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2757239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                115580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.855676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.634739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5588657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5588657                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        96866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3636672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3636672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3636672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           123943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          216395750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1500800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1061952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2562752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1500800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1500800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1073920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1073920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80852050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57210152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138062201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80852050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80852050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        57854899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              57854899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        57854899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80852050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57210152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             195917101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     16283.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23450.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16452.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           954                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           954                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               100582                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               15319                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40043                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40043                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    497                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     522818750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   199510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1270981250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13102.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31852.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19224                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40043                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        26941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.378271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.198377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.611024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         14488     53.78%     53.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7162     26.58%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4637     17.21%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          387      1.44%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      0.60%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           70      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.07%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         26941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.799790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.545888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      28.382538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             159     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            763     79.98%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             26      2.73%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.31%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.042977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.007059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.113326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               488     51.15%     51.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                18      1.89%     53.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               369     38.68%     91.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                77      8.07%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2553728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1040576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2562752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1073920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      57.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18562099000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326665.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1500800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1052928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1040576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80852049.584372624755                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56724005.107125729322                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56058570.328030467033                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23450                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16593                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16780                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    704704250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    566277000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 442036904000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30051.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34127.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26343081.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              89499900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              47555145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             86058420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            45800280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1464687120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5938079880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2127434880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9799115625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.904173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5470903500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    619580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12471816500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             102915960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              54685950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            198841860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            39071700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1464687120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7291829880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         987434880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10139467350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.239817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2498817250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    619580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15443902750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1446420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1446420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1446420                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1446420                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25391                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25391                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1468509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1468509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1468509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1468509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1471811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1471811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1471811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1471811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57835.807963                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57835.807963                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57835.807963                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57835.807963                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20619                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20619                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55835.807963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55835.807963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55835.807963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55835.807963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25135                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          840668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              840668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       847445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          847445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48383.503025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.503025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46383.503025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46383.503025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140614000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1140614000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       624366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         624366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029813                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029813                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61277.210702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61277.210702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1103386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029813                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029813                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59277.210702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59277.210702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.893962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1448750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.638751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.893962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1497202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1497202                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              101145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          92347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             101145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1651624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2888173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1651624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2888173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          141189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         141189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70428.723722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74522.328693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.987514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70428.723722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74522.328693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.987514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1604724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1604724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68428.809006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72522.328693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70125.037459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68428.809006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72522.328693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70125.037459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51770                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          92347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             101145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1651624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1236549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2888173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         141189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70428.723722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74522.328693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.987514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1604724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68428.809006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72522.328693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70125.037459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.954021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 159677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.084354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.650403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    38.936819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   257.366799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.413380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.502670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               214090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              214090                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               141189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              141188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       231595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  302996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7411008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10355648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           578985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            244284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18562300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23210542000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 252015                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   488310                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1169835634                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000132                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9688477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023211                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23210542000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1192017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9688477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1059478                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      780776                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6841289                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23210531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23210531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6215876                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2966506                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       924820                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84640                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84640                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129218                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72602                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108157                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9597606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9597606                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18927196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7790887                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1058974                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1839750                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     780776                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35809      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7633694     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55157      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57230      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5400      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11926      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49686      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1047092     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  780624      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11882      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9688806                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6696596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6696596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6696596                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6696596                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         144693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             144693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        144693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            144693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3981624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3981624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3981624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3981624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6841289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6841289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27517.737555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27517.737555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27517.737555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27517.737555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        144693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3692240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3692240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3692240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3692240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25517.751377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25517.751377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25517.751377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25517.751377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     144475                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6696596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6696596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        144693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            144693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3981624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3981624000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6841289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27517.737555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27517.737555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       144693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3692240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3692240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25517.751377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25517.751377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.707888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3416663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                144475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.648818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.707888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6985981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6985981                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       121244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       121244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 121244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4554432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4554432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4554432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           155491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          270707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1876544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1328640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3205184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1876544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1876544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1349248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1349248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            29321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            20760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                50081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         21082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               21082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80848780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57242955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138091734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80848780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80848780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58130827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58130827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58130827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80848780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57242955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196222561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     29321.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     20579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1199                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1199                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               125881                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19259                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        50081                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       21082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      50081                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     21082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              14738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     659233000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   249500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1594858000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13211.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31961.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    12492                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  50081                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 21082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        33986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     132.440417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.715704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.248697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18332     53.94%     53.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9105     26.79%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5761     16.95%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          468      1.38%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          195      0.57%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      0.25%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         33986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.595496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.573298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      25.695709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             198     16.51%     16.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            964     80.40%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             31      2.59%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.17%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.25%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.045872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.009769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.116157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               613     51.13%     51.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                23      1.92%     53.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               460     38.37%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               101      8.42%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3193600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1308032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3205184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1349248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23209944000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326151.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1876544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1317056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1308032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80848779.834611356258                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56743870.953121215105                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56355082.100193955004                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        29321                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        20760                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        21082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    883025750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    711832250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 553854647750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30115.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34288.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26271447.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             112297920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              59676375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            107142840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            56240280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1831627200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7462933050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2628273120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12258190785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.130312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6757762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    774800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15677980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             130397820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              69300495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            249143160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            50446080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1831627200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9116992110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1235381280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12683288145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.445152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3126658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    774800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19309083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1808136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1808136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1808136                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1808136                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31789                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31789                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1840996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1840996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1839925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1839925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1839925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1839925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57912.988770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57912.988770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57912.988770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57912.988770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           25847                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 25847                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1777418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1777418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55912.988770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55912.988770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55912.988770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55912.988770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31533                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1050975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1050975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1059477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1059477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48736.179722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48736.179722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46736.179722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46736.179722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         757161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             757161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1426641000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1426641000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       780448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         780448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61263.408769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61263.408769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1380067000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380067000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029838                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59263.408769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59263.408769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.315726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1830576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.052707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.315726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1871714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1871714                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          115371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              126400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         115371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             126400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1550442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3617484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1550442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3617484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       144693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       144693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70494.577450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74684.104046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72231.220798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70494.577450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74684.104046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72231.220798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2008400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1508922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2008400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1508922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68494.645659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72684.104046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70231.260732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68494.645659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72684.104046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70231.260732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64787                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         115371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             126400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1550442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3617484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       144693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70494.577450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74684.104046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72231.220798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2008400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1508922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68494.645659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72684.104046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70231.260732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.764286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.095544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.527206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.669429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.567652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.411186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               267628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              267628                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         25847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       289385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  378810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3688704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9260288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12948992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           723460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            305717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           158945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23210542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27843730000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 253203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   490619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1174979461                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000139                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11626290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27843730000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1430513                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11626290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271384                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            31                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      936782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           771                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8209607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27843719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27843719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7459560                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3559878                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1109876                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101446                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101446                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               154866                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               87046                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      129753                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11517272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11517272                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22713571                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9349786                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1270779                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2207561                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     936782                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 43008      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9160460     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    66217      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     68898      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6480      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14288      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   59608      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1256535     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  936630      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               14244      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11626674                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    35                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8036032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8036032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8036032                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8036032                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173575                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173575                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4768470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4768470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4768470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4768470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8209607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8209607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8209607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8209607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27472.101397                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27472.101397                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27472.101397                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27472.101397                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4421322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4421322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25472.112919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25472.112919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25472.112919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25472.112919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173357                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8036032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8036032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4768470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4768470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8209607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8209607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27472.101397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27472.101397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4421322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25472.112919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25472.112919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.756495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4114703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.735430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.756495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8383181                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8383181                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               59941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              59941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 145376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5467840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5467840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5467840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           187411000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          324016250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1592896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3836224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2243328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2243328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1631616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1631616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            35052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                59941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         25494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               25494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80568516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57208427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              137776943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80568516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80568516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58599045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58599045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58599045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80568516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57208427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196375988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     24717.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     35052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24661.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1449                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1449                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               150893                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               23268                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        59941                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       25494                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      59941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     25494                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    777                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     790645000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   298565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1910263750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13240.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31990.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     28497                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    15048                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 60.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  59941                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 25494                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    59713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     132.203911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.515583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.058044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         22120     54.13%     54.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10889     26.65%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6904     16.90%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          565      1.38%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          243      0.59%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           96      0.23%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.195997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.294819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.765346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             247     17.05%     17.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           1162     80.19%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             34      2.35%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.21%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.041408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.119736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               745     51.41%     51.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                29      2.00%     53.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               549     37.89%     91.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               122      8.42%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3821632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1580352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3836224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1631616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     137.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27843205000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      325899.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2243328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1578304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1580352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80568515.784343540668                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56684359.459023624659                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56757912.822743214667                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        35052                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        25494                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1055149000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    855114750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 665407350000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30102.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34357.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26100547.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             136074120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              72325110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            128105880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            68298480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2197952640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8921919870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3178858080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14703534180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.073436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8174140250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    929586250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18740003500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             155673420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              82742385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            298244940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            60598980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2197952640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10935242520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1483428480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15213883365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.402489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3755140250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    929586250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  23159003500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2169587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2169587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2169587                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2169587                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38195                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38195                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2210013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2210013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2210013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2210013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2207782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2207782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2207782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2207782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57861.316926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57861.316926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57861.316926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57861.316926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31160                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31160                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2133623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2133623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55861.316926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55861.316926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55861.316926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55861.316926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37939                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    495348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48846.070407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48846.070407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46846.070407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46846.070407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         908345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             908345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            28054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1714665000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1714665000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       936399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         936399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61120.161118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61120.161118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1658557000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59120.161118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59120.161118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.595989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2194643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.846622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.595989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2245977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2245977                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          138522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              151828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         138522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             151828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2470620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4331041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2470620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4331041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          211770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         211770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70482.412347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74748.724336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72253.862067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70482.412347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74748.724336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72253.862067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25494                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25494                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2400516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1810643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2400516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1810643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68482.469403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72748.724336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70253.895432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68482.469403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72748.724336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70253.895432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77845                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         138522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             151828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2470620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4331041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         211770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70482.412347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74748.724336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72253.862067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2400516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1810643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68482.469403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72748.724336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70253.895432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.302708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 241510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                77845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.102447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.668756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    36.910814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.723138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.415369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321287                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               211770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              211769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       107550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  454699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4438720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11108736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15547456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           867870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27843730000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                32467648000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 251794                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   487953                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1167870786                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13565417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.032468                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 32467648000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1669363                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13565417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1483170                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092786                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           879                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9577818                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         32467648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   32467648                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8704961                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4153589                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1295312                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 118246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        118246                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               180506                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              101486                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151344                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13437931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13437931                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26505560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10912221                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1482465                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2575251                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092786                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 50529      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10687065     78.78%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    77263      0.57%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81857      0.60%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    7560      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16648      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   69528      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1465861     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1092634      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16604      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13565855                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9375371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9375371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9375371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9375371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         202447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             202447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        202447                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            202447                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5554061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5554061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5554061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5554061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9577818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9577818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9577818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9577818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27434.642153                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27434.642153                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27434.642153                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27434.642153                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        202447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       202447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5149167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5149167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5149167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5149167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25434.642153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25434.642153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25434.642153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25434.642153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     202230                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9375371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9375371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        202447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            202447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5554061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5554061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9577818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9577818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27434.642153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27434.642153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       202447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5149167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5149167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25434.642153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25434.642153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.791174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9577818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                202447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.310249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.791174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9780265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9780265                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               69717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              69717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       169170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       169170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 169170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           218397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          376849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2607040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1854848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4461888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2607040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2607040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1903104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1903104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            40735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                69717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         29736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               29736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           80296546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57129115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              137425661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      80296546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          80296546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58615395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58615395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58615395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          80296546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57129115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             196041056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     28830.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     40735.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28723.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000497081750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1690                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1690                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               175617                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               27140                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        69717                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       29736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      69717                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     29736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     259                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    906                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              17068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               5422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              3172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     919178500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   347290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2221516000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13233.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31983.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33127                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    17620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  69717                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 29736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    69458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        47508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     132.353961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.685031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.954396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         25630     53.95%     53.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12735     26.81%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8044     16.93%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          657      1.38%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          276      0.58%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          114      0.24%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         47508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.086391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.295942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      22.289412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             288     17.04%     17.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           1361     80.53%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             35      2.07%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.18%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.044379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.007963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.121318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               867     51.30%     51.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                36      2.13%     53.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               636     37.63%     91.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               147      8.70%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4445312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1843520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4461888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1903104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        136.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     137.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    32467225000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326457.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2607040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1838272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1843520                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 80296546.272769734263                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56618576.128458701074                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56780213.953286662698                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        40735                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28982                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        29736                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1227688750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    993827250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 775083175500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30138.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34291.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26065482.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             157722600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              83816370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            147890820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            79965180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2562434160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10393311030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3715315200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         17140455360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.924147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9553947750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1083940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21829760250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             181541640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              96476490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            348039300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70396920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2562434160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12752488590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1728639360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         17740016460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.390563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4376184250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1083940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  27007523750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2531072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2531072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2531072                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2531072                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2571141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2571141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2571141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2571141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2575518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2575518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2575518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2575518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57848.647797                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57848.647797                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57848.647797                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57848.647797                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36295                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36295                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2482249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2482249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2482249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2482249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55848.647797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55848.647797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55848.647797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55848.647797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1471354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1471354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    576045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1483169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1483169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48755.395683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48755.395683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552415000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552415000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46755.395683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46755.395683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1059718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1059718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            32631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1995096000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1995096000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61141.123472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61141.123472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1929834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59141.123472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59141.123472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.795943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2575518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.947127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.795943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2619964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2619964                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          161712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              177176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         161712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             177176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28982                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69717                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2872642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5037156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2872642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5037156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       202447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       202447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.282377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.282377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70520.240579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74684.769857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72251.473816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70520.240579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74684.769857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72251.473816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          29736                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                29736                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2791172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4897722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2791172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4897722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68520.240579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72684.769857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70251.473816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68520.240579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72684.769857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70251.473816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90663                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         161712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             177176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2872642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5037156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       202447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.282377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70520.240579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74684.769857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72251.473816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2791172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4897722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68520.240579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72684.769857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70251.473816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36295                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36295                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36295                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36295                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.686846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 283188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.105983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   214.542975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    36.382264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.761608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.419029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.071059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.505394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               374363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              374363                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       125187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       404894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  530081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12956608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18124032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1012235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            428368000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           222230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  32467648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
