
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  208894000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  41738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82534                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              302945873                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                       28769                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         56907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000209                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   208894000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                              6425                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                       28769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         56907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        6041                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        6689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       38528                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                           208894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               208893.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                33663                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes               17575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         4891                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2696                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2696                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3386                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 955                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1042                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 55673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        55673                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              108556                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              42707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        6036                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         12725                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6689                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   417      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     42804     75.21%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.05%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.04%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      25      0.04%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        2      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      274      0.48%     76.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.02%     76.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      216      0.38%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     388      0.68%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     5826     10.24%     87.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    5161      9.07%     96.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 210      0.37%     97.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1528      2.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      56913                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    47                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          143                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           53                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            196                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1307                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     78489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     78489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         1503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.851967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.869594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.851967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.869594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60381.530984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59493.801653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60052.792655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60381.530984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59493.801653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60052.792655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.851967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.851967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58381.530984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57493.801653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58052.792655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58381.530984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57493.801653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58052.792655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    20                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.851967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.869594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60381.530984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59493.801653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60052.792655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.851967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58381.530984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57493.801653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58052.792655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          717.585099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.264526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.536229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   415.352190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   301.696680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.018414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.043798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.078613                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             2962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            2962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            37470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total                37470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           37470                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total               37470                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1058                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1058                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        38528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total            38528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        38528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total           38528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64136.105860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64136.105860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64136.105860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64136.105860                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62136.105860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62136.105860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62136.105860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62136.105860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        804                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           37470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total               37470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        38528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           38528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64136.105860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64136.105860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62136.105860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62136.105860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               196.991446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   38528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.415879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   196.991446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.769498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.769498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses                 39586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses                39586                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6974750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           30976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               83648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data              484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 1307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          252147022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          148285733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              400432755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     252147022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         252147022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         252147022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         148285733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             400432755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       823.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000573500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 2665                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         1307                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       1307                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      10411250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     6535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 34917500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7965.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26715.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       963                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   1307                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     245.142857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    158.739674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.561877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           124     36.90%     36.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          107     31.85%     68.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           39     11.61%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      5.06%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           11      3.27%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      2.68%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      1.79%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      2.08%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      4.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   83648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    83648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        400.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     400.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      208791000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      159748.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        30976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 252147021.934569686651                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 148285733.434181928635                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          823                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22262750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     12654750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27050.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26146.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy                842520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                432630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              3334380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      15980640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy          81171990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy          11860320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy           113622480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         543.924095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30147250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      6760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    171986750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               1613640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy                842490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy              5997600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      15980640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy          88219470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy           5925600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy           118579440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         567.653643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14600500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      6760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    187533500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            12074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total                12074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12074                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total               12074                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total                650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data           650                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total               650                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     39732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     39732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total            12724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total           12724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.051085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.051085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61126.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61126.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61126.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61126.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks             265                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                   265                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59126.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59126.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59126.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59126.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                        399                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            5763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                5763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            6041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.046019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50035.971223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50035.971223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48035.971223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48035.971223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           6311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               6311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total              372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25822000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25822000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           6683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69413.978495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69413.978495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055664                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055664                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67413.978495                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67413.978495                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               186.493011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                   12724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                   650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.575385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   186.493011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.728488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.728488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                 13374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses                13374                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             1503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     95414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     95414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            1708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           1708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.879977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.879977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62739.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64819.366853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63482.368596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62739.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64819.366853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63482.368596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60739.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62819.366853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61482.368596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60739.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62819.366853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61482.368596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      1176                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data          650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.879977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62739.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64819.366853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63482.368596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.826154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60739.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62819.366853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61482.368596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              379.888906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   1973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 1672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.180024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.543395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.596231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   127.749280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.083093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.409368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.249510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.741971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 3645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                3645                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           265                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                    3681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   126272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy              3033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy             3250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    208894000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
