
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3493573000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   173783                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              341731811                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000063                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003494                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3493573000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188822                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000063                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203360                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99740                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268324                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3493562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3493562                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305250                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000389                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167027                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       11020                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1762171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1762171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3292062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489253                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203275                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        302937                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99662                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7690      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447958     81.50%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11257      0.63%     82.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202320     11.39%     94.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94144      5.30%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776609                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3520                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1369                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4889                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2927                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    173141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    173141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.338346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.374488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.338346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.374488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58907.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.809228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59153.057738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58907.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.809228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59153.057738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.338346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.338346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56907.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57544.809228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57153.057738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56907.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57544.809228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57153.057738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   198                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.338346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.374488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58907.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.809228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59153.057738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.338346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56907.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57544.809228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57153.057738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2136.768738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.782828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.847780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1209.736573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   924.184385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.147673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.112815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.260836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.334106                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1261629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1261629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1261629                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1261629                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6695                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6695                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    224288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    224288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33500.821509                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33500.821509                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33500.821509                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33500.821509                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31500.821509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31500.821509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31500.821509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31500.821509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6439                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1261629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33500.821509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33500.821509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31500.821509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31500.821509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.698935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  977227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.766889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.698935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275019                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       187840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       187840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  187840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2967000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15560250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          115200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           72128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              187328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       115200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         115200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           32974837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20645912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53620749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      32974837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          32974837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          146555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                146555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          146555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          32974837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20645912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53767304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1800.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6750                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2927                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      20858500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 75664750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7135.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25885.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2242                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2927                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     274.701909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    167.142653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    296.926740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           262     38.47%     38.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          177     25.99%     64.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           66      9.69%     74.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      6.75%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.55%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      2.94%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.20%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      1.32%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      8.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  187072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   187328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3465633000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1180794.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       115200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 32974836.936282712966                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20572634.377469714731                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1800                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1127                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     46062250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29602500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25590.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26266.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1685040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                895620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9282000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         229810890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1148007360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1665039630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.600784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2982249500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    394843500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3177300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1688775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11588220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         460464810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         953772480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1706050305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.339675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2474824750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    902268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299125                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299125                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3963                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3963                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    133703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    134277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       300985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           300985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33823.172274                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33823.172274                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33882.664648                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33882.664648                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2046                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2046                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31823.678219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31823.678219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31883.169316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31883.169316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3706                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22131.868132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22131.868132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20132.653061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20132.653061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55025.622776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55025.622776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74501000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74501000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53025.622776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53025.622776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.922151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.674852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.922151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307050                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    268895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    268895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32254.511278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38967.160593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34398.746322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32254.511278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38967.160593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34398.746322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1671                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1671                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    253263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    253263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30254.511278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36967.961554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32399.002175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30254.511278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36967.961554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32399.002175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8787                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32254.511278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38967.160593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34398.746322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92309000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30254.511278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36967.961554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32399.002175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2046                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2046                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2046                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2046                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.847817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.634479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.383542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    77.829797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.711687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.152011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22003                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       384512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   812992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20888000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3493573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6789030000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108839                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190197                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              369270790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000970                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3496751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006789                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6789030000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364700                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3496751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380338                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200479                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2572221                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6789019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6789019                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2508178                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966431                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16348                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3472674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3472674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6547630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2945795                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380253                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580654                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200401                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15502      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2859927     81.79%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33913      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379298     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  194883      5.57%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3496763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5570                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4378                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9948                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2975                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    176479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    176479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.230210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.230210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59183.982684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.809228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59320.672269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59183.982684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.809228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59320.672269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57183.982684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57544.809228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57320.672269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57183.982684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57544.809228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57320.672269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   199                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.230210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59183.982684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59544.809228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59320.672269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.249124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57183.982684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57544.809228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57320.672269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2440.130352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.763819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.407078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1426.374650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1010.348624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.174118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.123334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.297867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.339844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2563092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2563092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2563092                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2563092                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2572221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2572221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29842.918173                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29842.918173                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29842.918173                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29842.918173                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27842.918173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27842.918173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27842.918173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27842.918173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2563092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2563092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2572221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29842.918173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29842.918173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    254178000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254178000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27842.918173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27842.918173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.757529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2118695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.780007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.757529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2581350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2581350                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       190912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       190912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  190912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15814750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          118272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           72128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              190400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       118272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         118272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17421045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10624198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28045244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17421045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17421045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           75416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 75416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           75416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17421045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10624198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28120659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7692                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2975                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2975                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21698000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 77404250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7303.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26053.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2278                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2975                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     274.378066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    167.268144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    296.135380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           265     38.24%     38.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          182     26.26%     64.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           67      9.67%     74.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      6.78%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           32      4.62%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      2.89%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.16%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.44%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      7.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  190144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   190400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5821716000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1951631.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       118272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17421045.421805471182                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10586490.264441313222                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1127                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     47801750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29602500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25866.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26266.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1699320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                903210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9303420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         278507700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2372454720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3198219810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         471.086416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6165070500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    397499500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3248700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1726725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11909520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         523954260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2165762880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3241953525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         477.528237                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5625092500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    937477500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571436                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571436                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24239.769206                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24239.769206                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24275.162771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24275.162771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22239.982904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22239.982904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22275.376241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22275.376241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9112                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19098.007320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19098.007320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17098.278433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17098.278433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85974000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85974000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43377.396569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43377.396569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41377.396569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41377.396569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.357803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.982660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.357803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590173                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    338528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    338528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27245.888380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24776.244097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26193.748066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27245.888380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24776.244097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26193.748066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    187274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    312682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    187274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    312682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25245.888380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22776.607337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24193.902816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25245.888380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22776.607337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24193.902816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15139                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27245.888380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24776.244097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26193.748066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    187274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25245.888380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22776.607337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24193.902816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.746598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.724384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   423.026771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    47.995442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.826224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38503                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       878208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1462464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6789030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10220015000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112495                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34220852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              380763791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3019426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5260760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010220                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10220015000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            542190                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3019426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5260760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565406                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3911557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10220004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10220004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3732455                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2890391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5228282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5228282                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9966005                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4433745                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565322                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314381                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4294055     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564367     10.73%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308863      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5260773                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7559                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7492                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15051                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3330                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    196235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    196235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.222645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.222645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58633.718245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59478.969957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58929.429429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58633.718245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59478.969957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58929.429429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.222645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.222645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56633.718245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57478.969957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56929.429429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56633.718245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57478.969957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56929.429429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   201                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.222645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.181165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58633.718245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59478.969957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58929.429429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.222645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56633.718245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57478.969957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56929.429429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2571.429169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.706468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.606129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1526.051195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1041.771845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.186286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.127169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.313895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.382935                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25958                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3899878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3899878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3899878                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3899878                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    336850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    336850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    336850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    336850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3911557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3911557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3911557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3911557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28842.366641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28842.366641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28842.366641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28842.366641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    313492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    313492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26842.366641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26842.366641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26842.366641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26842.366641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3899878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3899878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    336850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3911557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3911557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28842.366641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28842.366641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    313492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26842.366641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26842.366641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.846067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3658349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.261665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.846067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3923236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3923236                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       213632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       213632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  213632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          138560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              213120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       138560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         138560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13557710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7295488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20853198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13557710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13557710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           50098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 50098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           50098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13557710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7295488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20903296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2165.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9284                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22982500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    16630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 85345000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6909.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25659.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     288.433604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    174.736956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    304.765989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           274     37.13%     37.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          187     25.34%     62.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           69      9.35%     71.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.18%     79.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      5.15%     84.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      3.39%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      2.30%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.49%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           64      8.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  212864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   213120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10061415000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3014204.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       138560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        74304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13557710.042499937117                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7270439.426948003471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2165                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1165                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54821500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30523500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25321.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26200.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1963500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1043625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11559660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      806407680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         385211130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3600097440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4806283035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.281407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9355639750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    341120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    523255250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3305820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1757085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      806407680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         591703320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3426209280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4841571165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.734252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8901327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    341120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    977567250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864851                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864851                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    326105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    326679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21751.934365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21751.934365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21775.696574                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21775.696574                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    296123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19752.067769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19752.067769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19775.829889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19775.829889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       561082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          561082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18449.640578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18449.640578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16449.640578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16449.640578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37410.953658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37410.953658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35411.719648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35411.719648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.580534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  345287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.417226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.580534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894854                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    428528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    428528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25609.214315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20732.732733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23312.370798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25609.214315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20732.732733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23312.370798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    229576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    391766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    229576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    391766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23609.214315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18732.963733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21312.479600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23609.214315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18732.963733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21312.479600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25609.214315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20732.732733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23312.370798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    229576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23609.214315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18732.963733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21312.479600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.845942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.562586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   444.646884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    36.636472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10220015000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13333159000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118233                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205262                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              394020658                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000834                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6945793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013333                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13333159000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711749                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6945793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739154                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401421                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5157253                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13333148                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13333148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5002139                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630398                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25620                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6904304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6904304                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13099225                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5870603                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      739041                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140378                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401337                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29536      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5694213     81.98%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74912      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   738086     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395819      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6945806                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9052                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9462                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18514                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    206622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    206622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58626.188418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.939799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58866.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58626.188418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.939799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58866.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56626.188418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.939799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56866.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56626.188418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.939799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56866.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   209                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58626.188418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.939799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58866.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56626.188418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.939799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56866.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2742.962468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.516746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.698094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1668.439326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1070.825048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.203667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.130716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.334834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.403931                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5143762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5143762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5143762                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5143762                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    379014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    379014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5157253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5157253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28093.840338                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28093.840338                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28093.840338                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28093.840338                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26093.988585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26093.988585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26093.988585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26093.988585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13234                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5143762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5143762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5157253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28093.840338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28093.840338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26093.988585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26093.988585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.348986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4756956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.449600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.348986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5170743                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5170743                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       225152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       225152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  225152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18641750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          148096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              224640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       148096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         148096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11107345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5740875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               16848220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11107345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11107345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           38401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 38401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           38401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11107345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5740875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              16886621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2314.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10444                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3510                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3510                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      24002750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 89740250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6846.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25596.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3510                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     292.547588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.966123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    306.827602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           283     36.90%     36.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          192     25.03%     61.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           71      9.26%     71.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      7.17%     78.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.35%     83.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.65%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.35%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.56%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      8.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  224384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   224640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         16.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      16.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11063540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3144837.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       148096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11107345.228538863361                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5721674.810898152180                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2314                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58580500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31159750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25315.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26053.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2049180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1089165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1052263680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         448478280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4742267520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6258385785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.385071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12324427750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    445120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    563611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3427200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1821600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12794880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1052263680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         658244550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4565622240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6294174150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.069234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11862878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    445120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1025161000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121848                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121848                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    391308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    391996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1134033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1134033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20927.799765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20927.799765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20946.670942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20946.670942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18927.799765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18927.799765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18946.670942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18946.670942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18458                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          717046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              717046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18238.847166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18238.847166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16238.847166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16238.847166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107165000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107165000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34358.768836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34358.768836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100927000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100927000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32358.768836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32358.768836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.145452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.410770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.145452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159276                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    485914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    485914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24526.348201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19433.571026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22061.929625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24526.348201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19433.571026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22061.929625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    441866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    441866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22526.524149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17433.571026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20062.020431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22526.524149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17433.571026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20062.020431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26589                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    485914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24526.348201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19433.571026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22061.929625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22526.524149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17433.571026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20062.020431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.815868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.362125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.820268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    29.633475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.886368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67758                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1738624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13333159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16578853000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122602                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              406510931                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000072                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016579                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16578853000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888894                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916563                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502024                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446049                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16578842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16578842                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247760                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4922719                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788373                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30470                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624823                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16366473                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7334197                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916449                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418389                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501940                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36005      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117995     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95735      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915494     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496422      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10719                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12118                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    206872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    206872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58632.873167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.939799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58870.802504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58632.873167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.939799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58870.802504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56632.873167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.939799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56870.802504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56632.873167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.939799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56870.802504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   209                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58632.873167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59331.939799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58870.802504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56632.873167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57331.939799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56870.802504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6512                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6512                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6512                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6512                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2854.319831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.516746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.757199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1761.104886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1089.457746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.214979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.132990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.348428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.404419                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36385                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6430586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6430586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6430586                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6430586                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    415538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    415538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26873.051801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26873.051801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26873.051801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26873.051801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24873.051801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24873.051801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24873.051801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24873.051801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6430586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6430586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    415538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26873.051801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26873.051801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    384612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24873.051801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24873.051801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.672210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6065704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.875781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.672210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6461512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6461512                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       225408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       225408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  225408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3554000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18663500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          148352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              224896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       148352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         148352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8948267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4616966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               13565233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8948267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8948267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           30883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 30883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           30883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8948267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4616966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              13596115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2318.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11286                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      24044000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 89856500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6850.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25600.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     291.740260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.425004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    306.506631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           285     37.01%     37.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          193     25.06%     62.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           71      9.22%     71.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      7.14%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.32%     83.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.64%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.34%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.56%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      8.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  224640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   224896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         13.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      13.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14721942000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4179994.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       148352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8948266.807118682191                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4601524.604868623428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2318                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58696750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31159750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25322.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26053.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2049180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1089165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1308568560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         495303210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5949182400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7768430475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.574664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15461701750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    553540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    563611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3448620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1832985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12823440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1308568560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         707314140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5770646880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7804634625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         470.758419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14995186250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    553540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1030126750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394959                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394959                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23615                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23615                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    475448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    476136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1410911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1410911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20146.955379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20146.955379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20162.439128                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20162.439128                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10579                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10579                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18147.040129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18147.040129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18162.523820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18162.523820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23358                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          888980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              888980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18065.612450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18065.612450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16065.712851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16065.712851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31416.417505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31416.417505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29416.417505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29416.417505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.508523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  708155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.317450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.508523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442188                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12726                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    542407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    542407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23069.417811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18148.779572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20583.143594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23069.417811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18148.779572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20583.143594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    489705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    489705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21069.417811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16148.929778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18583.219490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21069.417811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16148.929778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18583.219490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32134                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    542407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23069.417811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18148.779572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20583.143594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21069.417811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16148.929778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18583.219490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10579                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10579                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10579                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10579                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.439236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.912371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.789659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.737205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.901933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82303                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39078                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39077                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2188352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3177984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16578853000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19878075000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217826                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              416432534                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6021737                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10397726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019878                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19878075000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1056265                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6021737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10397726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102426                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7767952                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19878064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19878064                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7507463                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5994337                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       939046                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34334                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10336200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10336200                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19577346                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8813312                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102284                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688443                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586159                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8541544     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101329     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580641      5.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10397739                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13328                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14338                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27666                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3524                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    207434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    207434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58627.796902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59319.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.223610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58627.796902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59319.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.223610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56627.796902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57319.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56863.223610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56627.796902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57319.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56863.223610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58627.796902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59319.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.223610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56627.796902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57319.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56863.223610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2930.655328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.390698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.797497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1824.489130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1102.368701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.134566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.357746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.404907                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            42148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           42148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7749580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7749580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7749580                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7749580                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    469959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    469959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    469959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    469959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7767952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7767952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25580.176355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25580.176355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25580.176355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25580.176355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23580.285217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23580.285217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23580.285217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23580.285217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7749580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7749580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    469959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    469959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7767952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25580.176355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25580.176355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23580.285217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23580.285217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.892587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7526927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.507977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.892587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7786323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7786323                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3564000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18716750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          148736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              225536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       148736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         148736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7482415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3863553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               11345968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7482415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7482415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           25757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 25757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           25757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7482415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3863553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11371725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12152                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      24085250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 90085250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6842.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25592.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2747                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     291.435964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.548631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    305.955181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           285     36.87%     36.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          195     25.23%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           72      9.31%     71.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      7.12%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.30%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.62%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.33%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.55%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      8.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  225280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   225536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         11.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      11.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18924218000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5357932.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       148736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7482414.670434637927                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3850674.675490458962                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58836750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31248500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25317.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26040.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2049180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1089165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1568561280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         542801880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7176084480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9302823945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.994207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18650943750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    663520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    563611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3470040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1844370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12894840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1568561280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         759455460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6993639360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9339865350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.857637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18174204000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    663520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1040351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1650269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1650269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1661150                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1661150                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    542631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    543742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19742.805166                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19742.805166                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19763.812155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19763.812155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17742.805166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17742.805166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17763.812155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17763.812155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17984.880284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17984.880284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15984.880284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15984.880284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122738000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122738000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29661.188980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29661.188980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114462000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114462000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27661.188980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27661.188980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.756068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  957192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.118579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.756068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1716174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1716174                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    605856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    605856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21406.695202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17426.760201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19424.064634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21406.695202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17426.760201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19424.064634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    543476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    543476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19406.822973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15426.760201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17424.128755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19406.822973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15426.760201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17424.128755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    605856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21406.695202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17426.760201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19424.064634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19406.822973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15426.760201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17424.128755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.864253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.259289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.912137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.692827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19878075000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23116344000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129479                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223894                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              427582015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12104343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023116                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23116344000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1235152                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12104343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268792                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699449                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037418                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23116344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23116344                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8715248                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6871449                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40596                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12035066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12035066                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22871745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244625                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268650                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1968009                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699359                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52083      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9938064     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139433      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267695     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693841      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12104356                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15363                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17823                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33186                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3524                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    207434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    207434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.131396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.131396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58627.796902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59319.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.223610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58627.796902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59319.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.223610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.131396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.131396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56627.796902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57319.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56863.223610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56627.796902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57319.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56863.223610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.131396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58627.796902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59319.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.223610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.131396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.063082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56627.796902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57319.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56863.223610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2984.776688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            12.930917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.825865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1869.107945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1111.842878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.228163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.135723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.364353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.404907                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016796                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016796                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20622                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20622                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    511868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    511868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24821.452817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24821.452817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24821.452817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24821.452817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22821.452817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22821.452817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22821.452817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22821.452817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20366                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    511868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24821.452817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24821.452817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22821.452817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22821.452817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.047720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.241587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.047720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9058040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9058040                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  226048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3564000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18716750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          148736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              225536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       148736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         148736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6434235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3322325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                9756560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6434235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6434235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           22149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 22149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           22149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6434235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3322325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               9778709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12984                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      24085250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 90085250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6842.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25592.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2747                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     291.435964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.548631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    305.955181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           285     36.87%     36.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          195     25.23%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           72      9.31%     71.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      7.12%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.30%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.62%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.33%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.55%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      8.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  225280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   225536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          9.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       9.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18924218000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5357932.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       148736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6434235.448304454796                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3311250.256528454367                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            8                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58836750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31248500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25317.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26040.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2049180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1089165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         589514520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8380243200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10809385545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.607920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21781052750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    563611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3470040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1844370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12894840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         806168100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8197798080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10846426950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.210311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21304313000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1040351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    651912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19265.108307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19265.108307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19282.554775                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19282.554775                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17265.108307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17265.108307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17282.554775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17282.554775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    518587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17884.777211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17884.777211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15884.777211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15884.777211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133325000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133325000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27529.423911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27529.423911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123639000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123639000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25529.423911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25529.423911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.930325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.118113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.930325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2002094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2002094                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    677616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    677616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20440.662634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16615.780897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18458.621629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20440.662634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16615.780897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18458.621629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    604196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    604196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18440.662634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14615.780897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16458.621629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18440.662634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14615.780897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16458.621629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44938                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    677616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20440.662634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16615.780897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18458.621629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    326160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18440.662634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14615.780897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16458.621629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.163441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.906337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.732135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.524969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114957                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54488                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54488                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129583000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23116344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
