
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               103501452000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 481035                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 779564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   905316                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             4978747885                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    10000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      18820283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.103501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                103501452000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           2289046                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                    10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      18820283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     2139971                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           876                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1280000                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           318                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    13159627                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6778                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        103501452                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  103501452                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             10989267                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6084031                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1564389                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 141707                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        141707                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               206784                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               90212                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      435910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              18701183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     18701183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            37052432                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           15211750                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     2137463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3417456                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1279993                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 39879      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  15247684     81.02%     81.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6852      0.04%     81.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33174      0.18%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4254      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19284      0.10%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13820      0.07%     81.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37929      0.20%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  2124314     11.29%     93.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1236944      6.57%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13149      0.07%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43049      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   18820415                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       236216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       166404                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests         470736                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           166405                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        79775                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        162089                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              74214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            70219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               31                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         74214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave       244404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total       244404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 244404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave      5877696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total      5877696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5877696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             82346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   82346    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               82346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           200185000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          442879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         12996863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             12996863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12996863                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            12996863                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         162764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             162764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        162764                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            162764                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  49353483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  49353483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  49353483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  49353483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     13159627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         13159627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     13159627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        13159627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 303221.123836                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 303221.123836                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 303221.123836                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 303221.123836                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       162764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        162764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       162764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       162764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  49027955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49027955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  49027955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49027955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 301221.123836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301221.123836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 301221.123836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301221.123836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     162252                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12996863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            12996863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        162764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            162764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  49353483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49353483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     13159627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13159627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 303221.123836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 303221.123836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       162764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       162764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  49027955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49027955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 301221.123836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301221.123836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               505.283720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7050405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                162252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 43.453424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                777000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   505.283720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              13322391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             13322391                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3650880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1617280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5268160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3650880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3650880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       609536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           609536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            57045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                82315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35273708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15625675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               50899383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35273708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35273708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5889154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5889154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5889154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35273708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15625675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              56788537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9410.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     57045.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24746.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.012997649250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           536                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           536                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               199465                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8864                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        82315                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9524                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      82315                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9524                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              5920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1015552250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   408955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2549133500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12416.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31166.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     41194                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6474                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  82315                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9524                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    81734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        43514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     134.109666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.539261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    114.470171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         22917     52.67%     52.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14573     33.49%     86.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3703      8.51%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1404      3.23%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          518      1.19%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          263      0.60%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.07%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.06%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           77      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         43514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      152.188433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      93.071020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     249.477458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            362     67.54%     67.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          120     22.39%     89.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           26      4.85%     94.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      1.49%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.75%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.75%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.37%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.19%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.37%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.37%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.37%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.37%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.520522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.499588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.840310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               121     22.57%     22.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      2.99%     25.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               398     74.25%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5234624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   601024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5268160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                609536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         50.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      50.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   103493576000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1126902.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3650880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1583744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       601024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35273708.044211789966                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15301659.729372685775                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5806913.703973931260                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        57045                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25270                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9524                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1776272250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    772861250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2377947741000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31138.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30584.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 249679519.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             135952740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              72260595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            245823060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            25828560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8169794880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       25494157440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       18275793600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         52419610875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.462565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47260482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3455920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  52785049500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             174737220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              92875035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            338164680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23192460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8169794880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30654110940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       13930569600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         53383444815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.774840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35929830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3455920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  64115701250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            40897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data            16301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                57198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           40897                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data           16301                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total               57198                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          57045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total              82315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         57045                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25270                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total             82315                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  41729696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18466050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total  60195746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  41729696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18466050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total  60195746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total           139513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total          139513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.582437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.590017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.582437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.590017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 731522.412131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 730749.901068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 731285.257851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 731522.412131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 730749.901068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 731285.257851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks            9524                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total                  9524                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total         82315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total        82315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  39733121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17581600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57314721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  39733121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17581600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57314721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.582437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.582437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 696522.412131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 695749.901068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696285.257851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 696522.412131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 695749.901068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696285.257851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                      89836                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        55488                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        55488                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data          517                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::total              517                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data          548                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          548                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.056569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1333000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1333000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056569                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056569                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data          1487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total              1487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total            8101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5911075000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5911075000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.844910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.844910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 729672.262684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729672.262684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         8101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5627540000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5627540000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.844910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 694672.262684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694672.262684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40897                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        14814                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         55711                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst        57045                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        17169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        74214                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  41729696000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12554975000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  54284671000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31983                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       129925                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.582437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.536816                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 731522.412131                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 731258.372648                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731461.328051                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57045                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17169                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        74214                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  39733121000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11954060000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51687181000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.582437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.536816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 696522.412131                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 696258.372648                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696461.328051                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              2010.751552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                  213171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                 89836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  2.372891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                721000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   288.409822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   717.496517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1004.845213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.350340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.490647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                371971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses               371971                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              217992                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         65195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict            419796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              2720                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             2720                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              16528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             16528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         217992                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       220196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       487780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  707976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7083328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10416896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                            251495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                     1681536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples             488735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.340485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.473877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                   322329     65.95%     65.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                   166405     34.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total               488735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            548578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           488292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           217988000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           64822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               95007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          64822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              95007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         97942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            139513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           139513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  47176713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20741208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  67917921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  47176713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20741208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  67917921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       162764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        71756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          234520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       162764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        71756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         234520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.601742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.594887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.601742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.594887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 481680.106594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 498934.545717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486821.450331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 481680.106594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 498934.545717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486821.450331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       139513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       139513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  45217873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19909788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65127661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  45217873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19909788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65127661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.601742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.601742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 461680.106594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 478934.545717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466821.450331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 461680.106594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 478934.545717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466821.450331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161660                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        91163                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        91163                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            2172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data          548                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           548                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.201471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          548                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          548                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32067000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32067000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201471                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201471                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58516.423358                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58516.423358                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         6940                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             6940                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         9588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           9588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6356272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6356272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        16528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.580106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 662940.342094                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 662940.342094                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         9588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6164512000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6164512000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.580106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.580106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 642940.342094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642940.342094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        64822                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        23245                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        88067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        31983                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       129925                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  47176713000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14384936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  61561649000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       162764                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       217992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.601742                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.596008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 481680.106594                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 449768.189351                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 473824.506446                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        97942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31983                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       129925                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  45217873000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13745276000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58963149000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.601742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 461680.106594                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 429768.189351                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453824.506446                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             1017.249811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 375364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               161660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.321935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               756000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   180.912384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   404.694853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   431.642574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.395210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.421526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               633419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              633419                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3340259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3340259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3345198                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3345198                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          73832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              73832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74641                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74641                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21425948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21425948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21425948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21425948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3414091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3414091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3419839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3419839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 290198.667245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 290198.667245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 287053.335298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 287053.335298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          60190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                   326                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   184.631902                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38921                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38921                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         73832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21278284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21278284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21698793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21698793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 288198.667245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288198.667245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 291352.825071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291352.825071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      71244                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2079638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             2079638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14734794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14734794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2134222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2134222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 269947.127363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 269947.127363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14625626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14625626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 267947.127363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267947.127363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1260621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1260621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        19248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            19248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6691154000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6691154000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1279869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1279869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 347628.532835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347628.532835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6652658000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6652658000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 345628.532835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345628.532835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4939                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4939                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          809                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             809                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          5748                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140745                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.140745                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          644                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420509000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420509000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112039                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112039                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 652964.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 652964.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               509.378777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3253187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 71244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.662610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1560000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.378777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3491595                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3491595                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 103501452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
