
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12282124000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81586                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34228372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   102096                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1002020667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1251417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012282                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12282124000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1251417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      801169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3114                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534175                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12282113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12282113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               262109                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              268665                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 755483                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        755483                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               757147                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1250172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1250172                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012971                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             397752                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        812438                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     801168                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    437425     34.91%     34.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     35.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     35.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     35.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.87%     36.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48104      3.84%     39.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             753064     60.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1252970                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99394                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100144                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6037529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6082160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6037529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6082160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60743.394974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60734.142834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60743.394974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60734.142834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        66534                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            66534                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5838741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5838741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58743.394974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58734.142834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58743.394974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58734.142834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 67376                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6037529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6082160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60743.394974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60734.142834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5838741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58743.394974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58734.142834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        27244.173582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             134099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            67376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.990308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   154.637908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 27089.535673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.826707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533216                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533216                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.955634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.446629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.955634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535134                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        66534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       266822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       266822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 266822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     10667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           432814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          527292250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6361216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6409216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      4258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          4258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         66534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               66534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3908119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517924750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              521832869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3908119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3908119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       346697037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             346697037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       346697037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3908119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517924750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             868529906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     66534.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          3905                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          3906                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               266491                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               62691                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       66534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     66534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               4136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               4106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               4159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               4113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               4163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              4161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              4286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              4202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     873135750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   500720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2750835750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8718.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27468.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     90346                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    60010                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 66534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    3905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    3907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    3907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    3918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    3906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     654.173812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    441.086200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    413.172329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1940     11.90%     11.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3160     19.38%     31.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          603      3.70%     34.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          499      3.06%     38.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          584      3.58%     41.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          498      3.05%     44.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          519      3.18%     47.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          506      3.10%     50.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7996     49.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       25.638505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.121868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     517.732123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          3905     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           3906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.029706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1485     38.03%     38.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               821     21.02%     59.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1597     40.90%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           3905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6409216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  4257152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6409216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               4258176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        521.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        346.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     521.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     346.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12282036000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       73687.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6361216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      4257152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3908118.823747423477                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517924749.823401868343                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 346613663.890708148479                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        66534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2731209750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 203176697250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27478.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3053727.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58348080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31008945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358656480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           175277160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      969287280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2912417280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2263774080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6768769305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.107390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5795944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    410020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6076160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58069620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30864735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            356371680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           171925920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      969287280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2891454390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2281427040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6759400665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.344604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5843180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    410020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6028924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           711394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               711394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          711394                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              711394                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99540                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99540                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7729481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7729481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7729481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7729481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       810934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           810934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       810934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          810934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77652.009243                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77652.009243                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77652.009243                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77652.009243                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7530403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7530403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7530403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7530403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75652.029335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75652.029335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75652.029335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75652.029335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99283                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         700353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             700353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7714206000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7714206000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77714.818210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77714.818210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7515682000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7515682000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75714.838359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75714.838359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.557417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  808890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.147316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.557417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                910473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               910473                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99413                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7131097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7185785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7131097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7185785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71732.037058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71641.492692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71732.037058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71641.492692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6932273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6985183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6932273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6985183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69732.057176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69641.512632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69732.057176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69641.512632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100026                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7131097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7185785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71732.037058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71641.492692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6932273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6985183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69732.057176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69641.512632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.769886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 198841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.862381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.292986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.614518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300148                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12713600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12774976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596054000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           497695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12282124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25166245000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  73069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89865                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              919429191                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2459739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025166                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25166245000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93497                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2459739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1636123                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6370                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3080713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25166234                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25166234                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               470439                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              518663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90665                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1547142                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1547142                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1548807                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2460122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2460122                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5977789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             731082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1647392                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1636122                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    812421     32.99%     33.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     33.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.44%     33.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91399      3.71%     37.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1544723     62.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2462920                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203560                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204310                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12599432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12644063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12599432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12644063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61895.421497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61886.657530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61895.421497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61886.657530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       170700                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           170700                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12192312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12192312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59895.421497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59886.657530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59895.421497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59886.657530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                171542                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12599432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12644063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61895.421497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61886.657530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12192312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59895.421497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59886.657530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       202988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       202988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       202988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       202988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        30072.153996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             342431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           171542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    75.469422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 29996.684573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.915426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           611765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          611765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3079754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3079754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3079754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3079754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3080713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3080713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3079754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3079754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3080713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.490308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.446629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.490308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3081672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3081672                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       170700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       579320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       579320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24000640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24000640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24000640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1057810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13027840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13075840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     10924800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         10924800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        170700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              170700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1907317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517671190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              519578507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1907317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1907317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       434105287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             434105287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       434105287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1907317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517671190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             953683794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    170700.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203560.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         10023                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         10023                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               576849                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              160825                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204310                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      170700                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204310                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    170700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              10626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              10642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              10664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              10634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              10687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              10641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              10642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              10624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              10624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              10691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             10689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             10752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             10752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             10702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             10686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             10624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2017026000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1021550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5847838500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9872.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28622.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    183508                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   154009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204310                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                170700                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   10025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   10025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   10056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   10023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        37472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     640.456020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    425.439730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.846430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4717     12.59%     12.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7489     19.99%     32.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1425      3.80%     36.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1158      3.09%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1339      3.57%     43.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1151      3.07%     46.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1231      3.29%     49.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1252      3.34%     52.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17710     47.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         37472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.383817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.050507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     323.203531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         10022     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          10023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3821     38.12%     38.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2094     20.89%     59.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4106     40.97%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          10023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13075840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 10923520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13075840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              10924800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        519.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        434.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     519.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     434.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25166181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67108.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13027840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     10923520                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1907316.725240495754                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517671190.119940400124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 434054424.885397076607                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203560                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       170700                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5828212500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 514925896500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28631.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3016554.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             133689360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              71053785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            729522360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           446414400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1986516480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5945580510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4657033440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13969810335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.101102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11906918750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    840320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12419006250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             133867860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              71152455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729251040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           444535200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1986516480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5944723230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4657755360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13967801625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.021284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11909292750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    840320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12416632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1440554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1440554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1440554                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1440554                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203706                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203706                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16062206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16062206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16062206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16062206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1644260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1644260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1644260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1644260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78849.940601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78849.940601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78849.940601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78849.940601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203277                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203277                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15654796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15654796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15654796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15654796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76849.950419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76849.950419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76849.950419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76849.950419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203449                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1429513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1429513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16046931000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16046931000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1632942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1632942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78882.219349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78882.219349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15640075000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15640075000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124578                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124578                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76882.229181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76882.229181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.807923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1642218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.071890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.807923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1847965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1847965                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14838826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14893514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14838826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14893514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72889.767609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72840.317311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72889.767609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72840.317311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         202988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               202988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14431670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14484580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14431670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14484580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70889.777433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70840.327093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70889.777433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70840.327093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14838826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14893514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72889.767609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72840.317311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14431670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14484580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70889.777433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70840.327093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.423576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.420876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.583187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.419513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               612646                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              612646                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204665                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       610688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  612606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26046848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26108224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1018525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25166245000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38050060000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  71897                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    87907                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              911883122                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3668074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38050060000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            135164                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3668074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2471085                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9626                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627264                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38050049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38050049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               678774                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              768663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2338810                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2338810                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340474                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3670085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3670085                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8942638                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1064416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2482354                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2471084                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1187422     32.33%     32.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.30%     32.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134693      3.67%     36.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2336391     63.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3672883                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307726                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308476                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19160987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19205618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19160987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19205618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62266.389580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62259.683087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62266.389580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62259.683087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       274866                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           274866                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18545535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18588666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18545535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18588666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60266.389580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60259.683087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60266.389580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60259.683087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                275708                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19160987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19205618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62266.389580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62259.683087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18545535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18588666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60266.389580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60259.683087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        30984.972036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             550763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           275708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.915347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 30935.056688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.944063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24680                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626305                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626305                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.662890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.446629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.662890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628223                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       274866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       891818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       891818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 891818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37333888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     37333888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37333888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1682806000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1623795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19694464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19742464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     17591424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         17591424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        274866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              274866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1261496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517593507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              518855003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1261496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1261496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       462323161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             462323161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       462323161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1261496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517593507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             981178164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    274866.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307726.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         16141                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         16141                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               887207                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              258959                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308476                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      274866                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308476                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    274866                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              17154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              17170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              17192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              17162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              17215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              17169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              17170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              17152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              17152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              17219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             17217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             17202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             17152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             17154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             17214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             17152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3160570000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1542380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8944495000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10245.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28995.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    276678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   248020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308476                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                274866                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    9974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   16143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   16143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   16194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   16141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        58622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     636.826311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    421.437108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.442145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7481     12.76%     12.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11808     20.14%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2251      3.84%     36.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1822      3.11%     39.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2090      3.57%     43.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1800      3.07%     46.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1950      3.33%     49.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1998      3.41%     53.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        27422     46.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         58622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.111022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.032270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     254.689725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         16140     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          16141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.027817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.004507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              6168     38.21%     38.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3358     20.80%     59.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6613     40.97%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          16141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19742464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 17590144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19742464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              17591424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        518.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        462.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     518.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     462.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38049954000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65227.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19694464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     17590144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1261496.039690870559                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517593507.079883754253                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 462289520.699836015701                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307726                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       274866                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8924869000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 826693492500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29002.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3007623.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             209123460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             111144165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1100388240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           717551640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3003131040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8984833620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7045047360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21171219525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.404366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18003967250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1270360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18775732750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             209451900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             111326325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102130400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           717144480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3003131040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8993752980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7037536320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21174473445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.489883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17985108250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1270360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18794591750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2169722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2169722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2169722                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2169722                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         307872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             307872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        307872                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            307872                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24394583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24394583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24394583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24394583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2477594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2477594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2477594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2477594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79236.120855                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79236.120855                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79236.120855                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79236.120855                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307443                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307443                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        307872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       307872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23778841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23778841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23778841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23778841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77236.127352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77236.127352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77236.127352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77236.127352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307615                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2158681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2158681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24379308000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24379308000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2466276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2466276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79257.816284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79257.816284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23764120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23764120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77257.822786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77257.822786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.211562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2475546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.047546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.211562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2785465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2785465                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22546207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22600895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22546207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22600895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73262.626525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73228.792032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73262.626525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73228.792032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307154                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307154                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21930719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21983629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21930719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21983629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71262.633024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71228.798512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71262.633024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71228.798512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22546207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22600895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73262.626525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73228.792032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21930719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21983629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71262.633024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71228.798512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.957356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.278367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.708515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   508.970474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925144                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308831                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308830                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39380096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39441472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846046000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1539355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38050060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                50934447000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  73809                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89981                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              939852646                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4876417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.050934                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50934447000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4876417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3306052                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12880                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6173824                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         50934436                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   50934436                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               887109                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1018665                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3130483                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3130483                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3132147                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4880055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4880055                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11907503                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1397752                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3317321                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3306051                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1562425     32.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.22%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177987      3.65%     35.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3128064     64.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4882853                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       411894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411894                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25723054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25767685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25723054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25767685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       411912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       411912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.664491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62445.316059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.664491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62445.316059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       379034                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           379034                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24899266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24942397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24899266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24942397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60450.664491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60445.316059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60450.664491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60445.316059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                379876                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25723054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25767685000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       411912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.664491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62445.316059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24899266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24942397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60450.664491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60445.316059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411322                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411322                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411322                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411322                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31436.007115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             759099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           379876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.288752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31398.718362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.958213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1236767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1236767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6172865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6172865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6172865                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6172865                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6173824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6173824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6173824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6173824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6172865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6172865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6173824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6173824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.748166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.446629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.748166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6174783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6174783                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       379034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1204322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1204322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1204322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2307814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2172059500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26361216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26409216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           411894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        379034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              379034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             942388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517551825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              518494213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        942388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            942388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       476262675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             476262675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       476262675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            942388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517551825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             994756888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    379034.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    411894.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         22258                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         22258                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1197576                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              357099                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      379034                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    379034                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              23682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              23698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              23720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              23690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              23743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              23697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              23698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              23680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              23680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              23645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             23617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             23680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             23680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             23682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             23742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             23680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4304518500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2063220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12041593500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10431.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29181.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    369843                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   342022                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                379034                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   22260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   22260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   22332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   22258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        79791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     634.974872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    419.406291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.749207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10251     12.85%     12.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16141     20.23%     33.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3082      3.86%     36.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2491      3.12%     40.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2824      3.54%     43.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2451      3.07%     46.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2675      3.35%     50.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2747      3.44%     53.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        37129     46.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         79791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.538907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.025024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     216.887674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         22257    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          22258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.004909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8500     38.19%     38.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4632     20.81%     59.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9124     40.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          22258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26409216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24256896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26409216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24258176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        518.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        476.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     518.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     476.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    50934359000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64337.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26361216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24256896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 942387.771482038428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517551824.995763659477                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 476237545.093991100788                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       411894                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       379034                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12021967500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1138459355000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29187.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3003581.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             284357640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             151132080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1471268400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           988699320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4020360240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12020697510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9436135200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28372650390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.042474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24109519500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1700660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25124267500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             285364380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             151674765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475009760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           989753760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4020360240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12048724410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9412533600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28383420915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.253933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24047805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1700660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25185982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2898894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2898894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2898894                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2898894                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412040                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412040                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32727506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32727506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32727506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32727506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3310934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3310934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3310934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3310934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79427.982720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79427.982720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79427.982720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79427.982720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411611                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411611                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31903428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31903428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31903428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31903428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77427.987574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77427.987574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77427.987574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77427.987574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411783                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2887853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2887853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32712231000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32712231000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3299616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3299616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79444.318698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79444.318698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31888707000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31888707000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77444.323555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77444.323555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.411005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3308890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.035519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.411005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3722973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3722973                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        411913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30254122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30308810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30254122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30308810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          412999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         412999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73447.844569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73422.149117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73447.844569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73422.149117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411322                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411322                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29430298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29483208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29430298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29483208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71447.849425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71422.153962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71447.849425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71422.153962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412526                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30254122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30308810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         412999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73447.844569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73422.149117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29430298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29483208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71447.849425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71422.153962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411611                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411611                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.221103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 823841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.207951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.276329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.736823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1237648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1237648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               412999                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              412998                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1235690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1237608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52713600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52774976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471054000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  50934447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63818589000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  82135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    99954                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1048346409                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6084739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063819                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63818589000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218497                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6084739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4141006                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16136                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720362                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63818578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63818578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1095439                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1268663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215665                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3922142                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3922142                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3923807                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6090005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6090005                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14872321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1731082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4152275                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4141005                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1937421     31.80%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.18%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221282      3.63%     35.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3919723     64.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6092803                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516060                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516810                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32284978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32329609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32284978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32329609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       516967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       516967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62560.512344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62556.082506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62560.512344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62556.082506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       483200                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           483200                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31252858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31295989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31252858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31295989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60560.512344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60556.082506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60560.512344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60556.082506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                484042                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32284978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32329609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       516967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62560.512344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62556.082506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31252858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31295989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60560.512344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60556.082506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31704.919131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             967431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           484042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    29.760639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31675.158493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719403                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719403                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.799008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.446629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.799008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721321                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       483200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1516820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1516820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1516820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     64000640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     64000640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                64000640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2932810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2720311750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33027840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33075840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     30924800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         30924800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        483200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              483200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             752132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517526954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              518279086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        752132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            752132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       484573546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             484573546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       484573546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            752132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517526954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1002852633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    483200.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516060.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         28375                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         28375                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1507938                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              455242                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      483200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    483200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              30210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              30226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              30248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              30218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              30271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              30225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              30226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              30083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              30080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              30147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             30145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             30208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             30208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             30210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             30270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             30208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5448429750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15138617250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10542.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29292.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    462996                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   436019                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                483200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   11543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   17548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   28374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   28376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   28376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   28468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   28375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       100977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     633.801995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    418.093240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.951095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13044     12.92%     12.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20463     20.27%     33.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3916      3.88%     37.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3160      3.13%     40.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3564      3.53%     43.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3103      3.07%     46.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3398      3.37%     50.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3489      3.46%     53.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        46840     46.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        100977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.213498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.020946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     192.092838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         28374    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          28375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             10828     38.16%     38.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5913     20.84%     59.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             11632     40.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          28375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33075840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 30923712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33075840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              30924800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        518.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        484.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     518.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     484.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63818525000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63817.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33027840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     30923712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 752131.953277751105                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517526954.411355018616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 484556498.107471525669                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516060                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       483200                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15118991250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1450217688750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29296.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3001278.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             360105900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             191400825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1842905400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1260504720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5037589440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15063885900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11820960960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35577353145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.476336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30197808750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2130960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31489820250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             360877020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             191806890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1847118000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1261710540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5037589440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15091760610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11797487520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35588350020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.648650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30137056250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2130960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31550572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628054                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628054                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516206                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516206                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41060252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41060252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41060252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41060252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4144260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4144260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4144260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4144260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79542.376493                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79542.376493                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79542.376493                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79542.376493                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40027842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40027842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40027842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40027842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77542.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77542.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77542.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77542.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     515949                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3617013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3617013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       515929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           515929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41044977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41044977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4132942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4132942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79555.475657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79555.475657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       515929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       515929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40013121000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40013121000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77555.479533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77555.479533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.529916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4142218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                515949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.028348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.529916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4660465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4660465                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            516968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           516968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37961872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38016560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37961872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38016560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73558.257554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73537.549713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73558.257554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73537.549713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       516968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36929716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36929716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71558.261429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71537.553582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71558.261429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71537.553582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516692                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           516968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37961872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38016560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73558.257554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73537.549713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36929716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71558.261429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71537.553582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.378353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.165968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.018655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.193729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550146                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517165                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517164                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66046848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66108224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63818589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76703009000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92369                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   112275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1180824580                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7293074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076703                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76703009000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            260164                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7293074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4975967                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19390                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9266910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76702998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76702998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1303774                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1518663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4713810                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4713810                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4715474                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7299967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7299967                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17837166                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2064416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4987236                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4975966                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2312422     31.67%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.15%     31.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264575      3.62%     35.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4711391     64.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7302765                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        620976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620226                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       620976                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38847144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  38891775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38847144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  38891775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62633.852821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62630.077491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62633.852821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62630.077491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       587366                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           587366                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       620976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       620976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37606692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37649823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37606692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37649823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60633.852821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60630.077491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60633.852821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60630.077491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                588208                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       620976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38847144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38891775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62633.852821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62630.077491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       620976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37606692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37649823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60633.852821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60630.077491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31883.493357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1175763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           588208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    24.761505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31858.731851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1861763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1861763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9265951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9265951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9265951                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9265951                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9266910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9266910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9266910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9266910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9265951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9265951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9266910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9266910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.832770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.446629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.832770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9267869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9267869                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              620976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             620976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       587366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1829318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1829318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1829318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     77333888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     77333888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                77333888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3557806000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3268567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39694464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39742464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37591424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37591424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               620976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        587366                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              587366                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             625790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517508563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              518134354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        625790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            625790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       490090604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             490090604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       490090604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            625790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517508563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1008224958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    587366.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620226.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         34491                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         34491                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1818299                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              553373                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       620976                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      587366                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     620976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    587366                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6592580000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3104880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18235880000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10616.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29366.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    556146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   530007                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 620976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                587366                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   620976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   21341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   34493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   34493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   34492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   34492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   34492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   34605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   34491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       122165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     633.014562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    417.174569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    417.112923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15845     12.97%     12.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24793     20.29%     33.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4737      3.88%     37.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3818      3.13%     40.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4319      3.54%     43.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3754      3.07%     46.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4106      3.36%     50.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4238      3.47%     53.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        56555     46.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        122165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.003798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.018578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     174.231759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         34490    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          34491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             13151     38.13%     38.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              7195     20.86%     58.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14143     41.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          34491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39742464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37589952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39742464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37591424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        518.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        490.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     518.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     490.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76702903000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63477.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39694464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37589952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 625790.312867647735                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517508563.451532900333                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 490071412.974163770676                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620226                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       587366                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18216254000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1761955295500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29370.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2999757.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             435839880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             231654390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215784760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1533114000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6054818640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18116726670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14197764960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         42785703300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.809972                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36265553500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2561260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  37876195500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             436425360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             231961785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2217983880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1532816460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6054818640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18127178760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14188963200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         42790148085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.867920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36242766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2561260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  37898982750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357222                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357222                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620372                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620372                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49393240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49393240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49393240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49393240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4977594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4977594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4977594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4977594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79618.744882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79618.744882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79618.744882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79618.744882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          619943                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                619943                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48152498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48152498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48152498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48152498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77618.748106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77618.748106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77618.748106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77618.748106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620115                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4346181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4346181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49377965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49377965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4966276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4966276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79629.677711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79629.677711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48137777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48137777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124861                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124861                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77629.680936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77629.680936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.608880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4975546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.608880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5597965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5597965                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45669864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45724552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45669864000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45724552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73631.974462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73614.633879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73631.974462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73614.633879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44429376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44482286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44429376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44482286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71631.977686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71614.637099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71631.977686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71614.637099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    620858                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45669864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45724552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73631.974462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73614.633879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44429376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44482286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71631.977686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71614.637099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.482776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               620858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.138089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.847543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.497143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1862644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1862644                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621330                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        619943                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1860686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1862604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79380096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79441472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721046000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3101855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76703009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                89586477000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34229512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   123614                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1302624305                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8501402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.089586                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89586477000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301830                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8501402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5810926                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813457                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         89586477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   89586477                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1512104                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1768661                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5505475                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5505475                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5507139                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8509923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8509923                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2397746                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5822196                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5810926                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2687418     31.57%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10900      0.13%     31.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307870      3.62%     35.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5503056     64.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8512721                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   150                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724394                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725144                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45408347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  45452978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45408347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  45452978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62684.598437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62681.312953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62684.598437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62681.312953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       691534                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           691534                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43959559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44002690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43959559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44002690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60684.598437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60681.312953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60684.598437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60681.312953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                692376                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45408347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45452978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62684.598437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62681.312953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43959559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44002690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60684.598437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60681.312953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        32010.694620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    21.200543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31989.494077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24678                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812498                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812498                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.371220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61716.371220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.856819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11275.763295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.856819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814416                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       691534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2141822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2141822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2141822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     90667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     90667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                90667392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4182814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3816827250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46361216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46409216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     44258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         44258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        691534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              691534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             535795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          517502390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              518038186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        535795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            535795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       494027419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             494027419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       494027419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            535795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         517502390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1012065604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    691534.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         40609                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         40609                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2128666                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              651505                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      691534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    691534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              43266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              43282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              43244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              43146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              43199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              43153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              43154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              43203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             43201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             43264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             43264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             43266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             43326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             43264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7735668750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3625720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21332118750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10667.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29417.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    649322                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   624017                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                691534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   16518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   25108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   40609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   40611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   40611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   40745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   40610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   40609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   40609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   40609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       143308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     632.654925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    416.829076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    417.139612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18591     12.97%     12.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29124     20.32%     33.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5564      3.88%     37.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4479      3.13%     40.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5072      3.54%     43.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4403      3.07%     46.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4828      3.37%     50.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4981      3.48%     53.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66266     46.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        143308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        40609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.856362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.016043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     160.572127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         40608    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          40609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        40609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             15502     38.17%     38.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              8456     20.82%     59.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             16649     41.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          40609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46409216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 44256256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46409216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              44258176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        518.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        494.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     518.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     494.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    89586450000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63236.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46361216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     44256256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 535795.151315080700                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 517502390.455648779869                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 494005987.086644768715                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       691534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19626000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21312492750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2073709888750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26168.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29421.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2998709.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             511495320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             271866210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588664120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1805723280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7071433200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21164807370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16578211680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         49992201180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.032896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42342840500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2991300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44252336500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             511730940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             271987650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2588864040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1803927600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7071433200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21166140600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16577088960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         49991172990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.021419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42340438250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2991300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44254738750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5086386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5086386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5086386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5086386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724539                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724539                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57725299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57725299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57725299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57725299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5810925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5810925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5810925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5810925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79671.762321                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79671.762321                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79671.762321                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79671.762321                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724111                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56276221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56276221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56276221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56276221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77671.762321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77671.762321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77671.762321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77671.762321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724283                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               11041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55144.404332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53144.404332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5075345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5075345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57710024000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57710024000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5799607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5799607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79681.143012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79681.143012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56261500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56261500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77681.143012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77681.143012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.665127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5810925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.020169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.665127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6535464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6535464                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53376915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  53431603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53376915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  53431603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73683.090562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73668.177763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73683.090562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73668.177763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51928091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51981001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51928091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51981001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71683.090562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71668.177763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71683.090562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71668.177763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725026                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53376915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53431603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61516.310461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73683.090562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73668.177763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51928091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51981001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59516.310461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71683.090562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71668.177763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.557158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.118231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.725658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.713270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175147                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92713600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92774976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3622695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  89586477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
