
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3847215000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86531                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34293564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174221                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              332888134                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3847215000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3847204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3847204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2656                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1745                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4401                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6251                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277605000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    380549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    380549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.724937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.586838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.724937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.586838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62314.769976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60362.035225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60878.099504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62314.769976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60362.035225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60878.099504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          725                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              725                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.724937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.724937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60314.769976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58362.035225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58878.099504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60314.769976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58362.035225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58878.099504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1686                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.724937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.586838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62314.769976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60362.035225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60878.099504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.724937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60314.769976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58362.035225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58878.099504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3519.534797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.030842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.465624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   759.928751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2725.140423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.092765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.332659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.429631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.576172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    225920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    225920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31144.196305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31144.196305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31144.196305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31144.196305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    211412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29144.196305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29144.196305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29144.196305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29144.196305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31144.196305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31144.196305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29144.196305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29144.196305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.658098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.658098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       446464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       446464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  446464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33324250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          105728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          294336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              400064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         105728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        46400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            46400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27481698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76506252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              103987950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27481698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27481698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12060672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12060672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12060672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27481698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76506252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             116048622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       721.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4563.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003209269750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14101                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 661                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6251                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       725                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      56018000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                172549250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9013.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27763.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4508                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6251                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   725                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     238.063475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.427276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    278.949718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           827     44.49%     44.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          496     26.68%     71.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          179      9.63%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      4.68%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      2.96%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.88%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      1.45%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.97%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          135      7.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      147.476190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      63.930176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     372.182504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             31     73.81%     73.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     19.05%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.38%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                14     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  397760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    44800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   400064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 46400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     103.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3493483000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      500785.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       105728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       292032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        44800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27481697.799577094615                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75907377.154643028975                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11644787.203210633248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1652                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4599                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          725                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     47848750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124700500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  77996729000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28964.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27114.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 107581695.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6882960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3658380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21441420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1696500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      303632160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         645709680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         933575040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1916596140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.177549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2420482250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1298292750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6390300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3396525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22933680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1957500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      303632160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         776904300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         823095360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1938309825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.821550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2131349250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1587425750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    416115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    425260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49139.702409                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49139.702409                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48601.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48601.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399181000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    399181000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47139.938592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47139.938592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46601.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46601.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34177.365668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34177.365668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32177.365668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32177.365668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63905.443454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63905.443454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263843000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263843000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61905.912717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61905.912717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9145000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9145000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32429.078014                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32429.078014                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8581000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8581000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30429.078014                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30429.078014                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.154120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.154120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    506523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    506523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36129.062210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55300.078802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47547.451422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36129.062210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55300.078802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47547.451422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147028000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34129.062210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53300.394011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45547.639163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34129.062210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53300.394011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45547.639163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350879000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    506523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36129.062210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55300.078802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47547.451422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147028000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34129.062210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53300.394011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45547.639163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.165538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.989203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.367268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.809068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3847215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7974873000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93339                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34315960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   183581                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              372164243                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007975                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7974873000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7974862                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7974862                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5339                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9170                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14509                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7234                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10543                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    667686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    667686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.420845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.420845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.794500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61870.611004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63329.792279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.794500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61870.611004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63329.792279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64519.794500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59870.611004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61329.792279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64519.794500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59870.611004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61329.792279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5430                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    667686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.420845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.794500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61870.611004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63329.792279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64519.794500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59870.611004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61329.792279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4391.497118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.903867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.755392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1061.692121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3207.049605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.129601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.391486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.536071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707275                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47818                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    462370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    462370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32433.361392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32433.361392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32433.361392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32433.361392                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30433.501684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30433.501684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30433.501684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30433.501684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32433.361392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32433.361392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30433.501684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30433.501684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.563639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.563639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       834240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       834240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  834240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            23003000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56571000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          211776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          462976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              674752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       211776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         211776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       159488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           159488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26555407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58054341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84609749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26555407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26555407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19998814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19998814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19998814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26555407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58054341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             104608562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2469.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3309.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7167.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003209269750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           144                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           144                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25387                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2300                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10543                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2492                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10543                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2492                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     23                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     120141500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                316566500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11468.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30218.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6593                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1849                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10543                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2492                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.842764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.133036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    230.560787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2518     56.32%     56.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1001     22.39%     78.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          356      7.96%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          182      4.07%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          102      2.28%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      1.25%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      1.07%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.67%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          178      3.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       71.951389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.889029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     206.043085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            131     90.97%     90.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      6.94%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.69%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.930556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.899805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.028631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                78     54.17%     54.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.69%     54.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                62     43.06%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  670464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   156032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   674752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                159488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7973439000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      611694.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       211776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       458688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       156032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26555407.214635267854                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57516652.616286173463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19565452.641063999385                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3309                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7234                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2492                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    109512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    207054000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 187858395500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33095.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28622.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  75384588.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14322840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7612770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35100240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6545880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      629391360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1449806400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1841461920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3984241410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.599355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4773054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    266240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2935578250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17607240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9354675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39698400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6180480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      629391360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1656185160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1667669280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4026086595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.846484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4317426000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    266240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3391207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    858695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    858695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    872453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34991.646292                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34991.646292                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35057.984409                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35057.984409                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    809615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    809615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    822681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32991.646292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32991.646292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33057.984409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33057.984409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24571.616750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24571.616750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22571.616750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22571.616750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504274000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    504274000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49849.149862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49849.149862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47849.149862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47849.149862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13066000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13066000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.144682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.144682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    325920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    972276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    325920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    972276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37682.969129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39402.340892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38808.765417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37682.969129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39402.340892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38808.765417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    922172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    922172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35683.200370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37402.340892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36808.845248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35683.200370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37402.340892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36808.845248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    325920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    972276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37682.969129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39402.340892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38808.765417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35683.200370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37402.340892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36808.845248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.738105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   160.028854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.639803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   219.069447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.312556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7974873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12650138000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              407103396                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012650                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12650138000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12650127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12650127                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18963                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14716                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33679                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12936                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17113                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1100885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1100885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.336923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.336923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67362.700503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63351.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64330.333664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67362.700503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63351.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64330.333664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5193                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    793639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    793639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65362.700503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61351.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62330.333664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65362.700503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61351.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62330.333664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10658                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1100885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.336923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67362.700503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63351.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64330.333664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    793639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.180510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65362.700503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61351.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62330.333664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5281.790921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              40241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.775661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   197.396934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1123.658304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3960.735682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.024096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.137165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.644750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.930664                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            88398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           88398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    918170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    918170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    918170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    918170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24959.088809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24959.088809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24959.088809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24959.088809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    844596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    844596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    844596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    844596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22959.088809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.088809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22959.088809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.088809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    918170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    918170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24959.088809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24959.088809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    844596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22959.088809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.088809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.942403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.942403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        39419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        39419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  39419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1427584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1427584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1427584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43078000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           92107250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          267328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          827904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1095232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       267328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         267328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       332352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           332352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21132418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           65446243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               86578660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21132418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21132418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        26272599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              26272599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        26272599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21132418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          65446243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             112851259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5068.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4177.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12830.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003209269750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           294                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           294                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42296                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4759                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17113                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17113                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5193                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     106                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     211775750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                530657000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12452.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31202.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9536                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3779                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17113                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5193                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.594319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.852217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    194.193300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5175     59.27%     59.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1816     20.80%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          865      9.91%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          295      3.38%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          181      2.07%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           91      1.04%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.77%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           48      0.55%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          193      2.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       57.806122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.948547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     145.686300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            280     95.24%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      3.74%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.34%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.156463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.126915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.003072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               125     42.52%     42.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.34%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               165     56.12%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1088448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   322816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1095232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                332352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         86.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      86.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      26.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12649073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      567070.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       267328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       821120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       322816                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21132417.685878209770                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64909963.828062586486                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25518772.996784698218                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4177                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12936                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5193                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    141721500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    388935500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 302054643250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33929.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30066.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  58165731.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              28324380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15047175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             57062880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13013460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      998175360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3017675190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2316453120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6445751565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.540020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5993344750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    422240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6234553250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              34050660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18086970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             64367100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13316220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      998175360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3298386510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2080064640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6506447460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.338062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5373545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    422240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6854352750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1553090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1553090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1566848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1566848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35469.203188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35469.203188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35502.866336                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35502.866336                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1478584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33469.248864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33469.248864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33502.911653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33502.911653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    658479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23844.112109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23844.112109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    603247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    603247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21844.112109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21844.112109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    894611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55321.934327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55321.934327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    862271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53322.058005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53322.058005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13066000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13066000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.830374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.830374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1153115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1726955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1153115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1726955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24798.617113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41699.453947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33999.862186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24798.617113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41699.453947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33999.862186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1097811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1097811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22798.617113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39699.526272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31999.901561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22798.617113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39699.526272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31999.901561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1153115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1726955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24798.617113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41699.453947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33999.862186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    527560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1097811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22798.617113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39699.526272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31999.901561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.313225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   150.953747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.378819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.980660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.294832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.488243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12650138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17070840000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100864                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34325904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   201410                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430454011                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17070840000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17070829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17070829                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        33231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           55138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        33231                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21907                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          55138                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        16943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16943                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21630                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1086422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1403898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1086422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1403898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67735.438447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64122.174349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64905.131761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67735.438447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64122.174349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64905.131761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8318                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8318                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1052536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1360638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1052536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1360638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65735.438447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62122.174349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62905.131761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65735.438447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62122.174349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62905.131761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15137                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        33231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          55138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1086422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1403898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67735.438447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64122.174349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64905.131761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1052536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1360638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.436113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65735.438447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62122.174349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62905.131761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5975.403734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              61387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.055427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   201.879384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1065.935087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4707.589264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.024643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.130119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.574657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.729419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8081                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          939                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986450                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1348563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1348563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1348563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1348563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22790.174573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22790.174573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22790.174573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22790.174573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1230217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1230217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1230217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1230217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20790.174573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20790.174573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20790.174573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20790.174573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1348563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1348563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22790.174573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22790.174573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1230217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1230217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20790.174573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20790.174573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.993167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.993167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        51578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        51578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            63220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          116532750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          299968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1084352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1384320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       299968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         299968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       532352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           532352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17571953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63520717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               81092670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17571953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17571953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31184874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31184874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31184874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17571953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63520717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             112277545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8110.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4687.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16779.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003209269750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           469                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           469                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                55406                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7631                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8318                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8318                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     164                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     280861000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   107330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                683348500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13083.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31833.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11438                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5781                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8318                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    21446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     153.362309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.301456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.765083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7387     59.90%     59.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2605     21.12%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1264     10.25%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          390      3.16%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          227      1.84%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          111      0.90%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           86      0.70%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      0.50%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          200      1.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       45.742004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.710560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     116.449668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            455     97.01%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      2.35%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.21%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.243070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.214127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.991729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               180     38.38%     38.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.43%     38.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               280     59.70%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      1.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1373824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   517568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1384320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                532352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         80.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         30.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      81.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17069498000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      569971.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       299968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1073856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       517568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17571953.108341474086                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 62905867.549575768411                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 30318836.097110629082                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4687                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16943                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8318                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    160763000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    522585500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 406811840500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34299.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30843.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48907410.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              40569480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21559395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             72656640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21438540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1347290880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4229379480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2993619840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8726514255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.194192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7741734750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    569920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8759185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              47495280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              25240545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             80610600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20775600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1347290880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4510500060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2756886720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8788799685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.842836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7121070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    569920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9379850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2131237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2144995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2144995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34333.811258                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34333.811258                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34363.905799                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34363.905799                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2007091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2020157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2020157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32333.843477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32333.843477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32363.937840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32363.937840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    955327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    955327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22989.459752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22989.459752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20989.507881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20989.507881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1175910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1175910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57308.348360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57308.348360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1134872000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1134872000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55308.348360                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55308.348360                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13066000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13066000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37763.005780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.133263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    801036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1557586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2358622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    801036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1557586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2358622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21125.481302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40091.271782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30723.625422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21125.481302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40091.271782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30723.625422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1479886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1479886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19125.481302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38091.323261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28723.651474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19125.481302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38091.323261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28723.651474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    801036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1557586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2358622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21125.481302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40091.271782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30723.625422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    725200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1479886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19125.481302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38091.323261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28723.651474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.008998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.509482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.629773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.869743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.284198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.204355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17070840000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21568716000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104150                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34336708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207560                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449268658                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21568716000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21568705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21568705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        43310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           69267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        43310                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25957                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          69267                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        25859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         31506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25859                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        31506                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2029708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2029708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.312643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.312643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68026.208606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63636.026142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64422.903574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68026.208606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63636.026142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64422.903574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        15520                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            15520                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        31506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        31506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1593846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1593846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66026.208606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61636.026142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62422.903574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66026.208606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61636.026142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62422.903574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 25298                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        43310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          69267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        31506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    384144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2029708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.312643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68026.208606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63636.026142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64422.903574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1593846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66026.208606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61636.026142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62422.903574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6422.193112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             114951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            25298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.543877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   202.947909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   997.216751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5222.028451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.024774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.121731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.637455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.783959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           169981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          169981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1692406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1692406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1692406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1692406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22620.909966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22620.909966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22620.909966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22620.909966                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1542774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1542774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1542774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1542774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20620.909966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20620.909966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20620.909966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20620.909966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1692406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1692406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22620.909966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22620.909966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1542774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1542774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20620.909966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20620.909966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.620203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.620203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        78532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        78532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  78532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3009664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3009664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3009664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           109106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          169395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          361408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1654976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2016384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       361408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         361408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       993280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           993280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         15520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               15520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16756120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76730390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               93486511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16756120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16756120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        46051884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              46051884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        46051884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16756120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76730390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             139538394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15295.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5647.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25683.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003209269750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           878                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           878                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                83372                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14418                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       15520                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     15520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     392450000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   156650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                979887500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12526.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31276.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 15520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    31309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     171.383784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.929184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    208.003125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9984     57.37%     57.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3719     21.37%     78.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1771     10.18%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          608      3.49%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          356      2.05%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          197      1.13%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          183      1.05%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          122      0.70%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          463      2.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       35.673121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      27.726456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      86.988506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            863     98.29%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      1.25%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.397494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.371349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.940823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               269     30.64%     30.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.57%     31.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               590     67.20%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      1.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2005120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   977600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2016384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                993280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         92.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         45.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      93.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      46.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21568496000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      458650.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       361408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1643712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       977600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16756120.299418842420                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76208152.585439011455                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 45324904.829754352570                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5647                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25859                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15520                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    195318000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    784569500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 514243897000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34587.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30340.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  33134271.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              59519040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31631325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            105672000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            40314060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1702552800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5562563880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3598122720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11100375825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.651675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9297864500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    720200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11550651500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              64745520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              34413060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            118024200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            39421440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1702552800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5874014730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3335848320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11169020070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         517.834259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8610078500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    720200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12238437500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2968088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2968088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3011211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3011211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37156.370101                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37156.370101                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37353.913141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37353.913141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2808328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2808328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2849987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35156.395138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35156.395138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35353.937950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35353.937950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1187374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1187374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23381.788823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23381.788823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21381.788823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21381.788823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1780714000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1780714000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61195.023884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61195.023884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1722518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1722518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59195.092615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59195.092615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41659000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41659000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.314010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.314010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1009291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2267454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3276745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1009291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2267454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3276745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20615.866985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43758.882220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32515.777879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20615.866985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43758.882220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32515.777879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    911377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2163822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3075199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    911377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2163822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3075199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18615.866985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41758.920817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30515.797726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18615.866985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41758.920817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30515.797726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1009291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2267454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3276745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20615.866985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43758.882220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32515.777879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    911377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2163822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3075199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18615.866985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41758.920817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30515.797726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.424196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.321788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.198529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.903879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21568716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26271529000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111703                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34350948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              489096060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026272                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26271529000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26271518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26271518                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           73496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44122                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29374                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          73496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        31268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         43352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31268                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        43352                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1976221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2824468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1976221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2824468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.371012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.371012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70195.878848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63202.667264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.965307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70195.878848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63202.667264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.965307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        20990                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            20990                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        43352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        43352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1913685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2737764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1913685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2737764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68195.878848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61202.667264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63151.965307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68195.878848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61202.667264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63151.965307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 37332                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          73496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        43352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1976221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2824468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.371012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70195.878848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63202.667264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.965307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1913685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2737764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.214995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68195.878848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61202.667264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63151.965307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6738.254117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             138740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            37332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.716383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   184.384070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   909.031867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5644.838179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.022508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.110966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.689067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           204012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          204012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2583342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2583342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2583342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2583342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25280.534706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.534706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25280.534706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.534706                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2378968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2378968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23280.534706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.534706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23280.534706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.534706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2583342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2583342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25280.534706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.534706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2378968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23280.534706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23280.534706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.046206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.046206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               43352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              43352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       107694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       107694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 107694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           148302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          233621250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          773376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2001152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2774528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       773376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         773376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1343360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1343360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            31268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                43352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         20990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               20990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29437799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76171889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105609689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29437799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29437799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        51133682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              51133682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        51133682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29437799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76171889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             156743370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20763.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12084.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31092.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003559928750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1189                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1189                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               113637                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19596                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        43352                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       20990                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      43352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     20990                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    227                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     569167250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   215880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1378717250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13182.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31932.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24929                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    15798                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  43352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 20990                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    43155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        23181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     176.442431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.275708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    219.015849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12489     53.88%     53.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6093     26.28%     80.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1953      8.43%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          727      3.14%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          440      1.90%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          272      1.17%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          251      1.08%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          186      0.80%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          770      3.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         23181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       35.909167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.599681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     110.991029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1170     98.40%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.93%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.25%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.08%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.438183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.413214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.918711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               339     28.51%     28.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.50%     29.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               828     69.64%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                16      1.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2763264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1326976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2774528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1343360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         50.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      51.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26271189000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      408305.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       773376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1989888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1326976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29437799.375894721597                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75743136.229337856174                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 50510040.736494630575                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12084                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        31268                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        20990                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    443630000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    935087250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 624317743750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36712.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29905.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29743579.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              93077040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              49464030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            168982380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            55514700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2073795360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7112461140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4098826560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13652121210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         519.654612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10582354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    877240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14811934500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              72449580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              38507865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            139294260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            52716780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2073795360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6383982900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4712281920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13473028665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.837630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12180540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    877240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13213748500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3462949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3462949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3506072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3506072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38824.474466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38824.474466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38987.979139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38987.979139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3284561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3284561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3326220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3326220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36824.496889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36824.496889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36988.001379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36988.001379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1279091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1279091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23375.201023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23375.201023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1169653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21375.237573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21375.237573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2183858000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2183858000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63346.134880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63346.134880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2114908000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2114908000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61346.134880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61346.134880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41659000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41659000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56911.202186                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.436808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.436808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1554757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2702031000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4256788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1554757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2702031000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4256788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27661.762089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44556.354402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36429.819682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27661.762089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44556.354402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36429.819682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1442345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2580747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4023092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1442345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2580747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4023092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25661.762089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42556.387382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34429.836798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25661.762089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42556.387382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34429.836798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1554757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2702031000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4256788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27661.762089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44556.354402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36429.819682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1442345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2580747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4023092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25661.762089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42556.387382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34429.836798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.706277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.124798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   114.039495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   272.541984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.242431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.532309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26271529000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30880983000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120196                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34357856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236242                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              530252864                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030881                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30880983000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30880983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30880983                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        46420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           83660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        46420                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        37240                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          83660                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        32373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         51346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32373                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        51346                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1345986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3396313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1345986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3396313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.290138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.380324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.290138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.380324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70942.180994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63334.476261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66145.619912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70942.180994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63334.476261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66145.619912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        22160                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            22160                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        51346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        51346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1985581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3293621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1985581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3293621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.290138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.290138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68942.180994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61334.476261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64145.619912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68942.180994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61334.476261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64145.619912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 45425                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        46420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        37240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          83660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        51346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1345986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3396313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.290138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.380324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70942.180994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63334.476261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66145.619912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1985581000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3293621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.290138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68942.180994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61334.476261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64145.619912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6955.247688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            53617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.355428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   176.094127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   887.215492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5891.938069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.719231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.849029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           233525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          233525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3630178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3630178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3630178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3630178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26447.264700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26447.264700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26447.264700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26447.264700                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3355656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3355656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3355656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3355656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24447.264700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24447.264700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24447.264700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24447.264700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3630178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3630178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26447.264700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26447.264700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3355656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3355656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24447.264700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24447.264700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.337839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.337839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               51346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              51346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       124852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       124852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 124852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4704384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4704384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4704384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           162146000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          277548500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1214272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2071872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3286144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1214272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1214272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1418240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1418240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            18973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            32373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                51346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         22160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               22160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           39321028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67092165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              106413193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      39321028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          39321028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        45925999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              45925999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        45925999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          39321028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67092165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             152339192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     21933.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     18973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32197.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003603820250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1257                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1257                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               131952                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               20714                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        51346                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       22160                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      51346                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     22160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    227                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             10930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     723365500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   255850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1682803000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14136.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32886.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     28229                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16664                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  51346                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 22160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    51149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        28195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.902891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.996316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    203.389289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15214     53.96%     53.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8025     28.46%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2220      7.87%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          768      2.72%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          463      1.64%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          281      1.00%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          255      0.90%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      0.67%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          779      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         28195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       40.708035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.766401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     136.298900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1231     97.93%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.88%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.32%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.08%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.08%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.16%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.24%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.436754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.411716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.920062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               359     28.56%     28.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      0.64%     29.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               872     69.37%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                18      1.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3274880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1402752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3286144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1418240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        106.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         45.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     106.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      45.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    30857546000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      419796.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1214272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2060608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1402752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 39321028.090329892933                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 66727409.551697231829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 45424460.743364289403                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        18973                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        32373                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        22160                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    710528500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    972274500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 741989521750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37449.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30033.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  33483281.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             123229260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              65497905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            218976660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            57143340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2437662240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8718081030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4516755840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16137346275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.565822                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11654097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1031160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18195725750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              78083040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41502120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            146377140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            57268620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2437662240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6785947470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6143815680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15690656310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.100934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15898645250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1031160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13951177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3674604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3674604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3811323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3811323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36984.590609                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36984.590609                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36974.776628                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36974.776628                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3475894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3475894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3605165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3605165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34984.590609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34984.590609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34974.776628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34974.776628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1448979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1448979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22678.212011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22678.212011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1321193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20678.212011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20678.212011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2225625000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2225625000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62760.842592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62760.842592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2154701000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2154701000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60760.842592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60760.842592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136719000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    136719000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36712.943072                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36712.943072                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129271000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129271000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34712.943072                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34712.943072                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.520873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.520873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2158149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2890550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5048699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2158149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2890550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5048699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33002.752588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41523.135047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37396.108321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33002.752588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41523.135047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37396.108321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2751324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4778687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2751324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4778687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31002.752588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39523.135047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35396.108321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31002.752588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39523.135047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35396.108321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2158149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2890550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5048699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33002.752588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41523.135047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37396.108321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2751324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4778687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31002.752588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39523.135047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35396.108321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.899385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.204628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   132.169857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   256.524899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.238681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.258144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.501025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30880983000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
