
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3738795000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103340                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34400352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   180407                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              384067545                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3738795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3738784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3738784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1118                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2842                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4006                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    234204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    234204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58187.112172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58766.091052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58463.305042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58187.112172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58766.091052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58463.305042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               93                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56187.112172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56766.091052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56463.305042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56187.112172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56766.091052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56463.305042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   465                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58187.112172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58766.091052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58463.305042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.652039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56187.112172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56766.091052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56463.305042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3087.772420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.281720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.515347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1607.055167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1423.201907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.094231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.110718                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13166                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    186193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    186193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50308.835450                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50308.835450                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50308.835450                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50308.835450                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48308.835450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48308.835450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48308.835450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48308.835450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    186193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50308.835450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50308.835450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48308.835450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48308.835450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.349526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.349526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       262336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       262336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  262336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          122304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            93                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  93                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35861822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32712144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68573966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35861822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35861822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1591957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1591957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1591957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35861822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32712144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              70165922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        93.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2095.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1911.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001010682500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9063                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  64                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4006                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          93                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4006                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        93                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25653000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                100765500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6403.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25153.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       58                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4006                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    93                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     311.512545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    199.370420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    302.627207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           235     28.08%     28.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          240     28.67%     56.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          114     13.62%     70.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      7.53%     77.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      4.90%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      4.06%     86.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      2.51%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.55%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      9.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      872.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     252.710556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1435.118433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  256384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   256384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1469829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      358582.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       122304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35861821.790175713599                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32712143.885931160301                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1164011.399394724751                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2095                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1911                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           93                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52107500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     48658000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks   4438562000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24872.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25462.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47726473.12                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3091620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1643235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14322840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               31320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         399462840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1099307520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1812886575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.885257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2854018750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    759976250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2884560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1533180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14280000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              323640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         374608560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1120237440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1808894580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.817535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2908651000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    705344000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33434.265945                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33434.265945                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33460.765191                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33460.765191                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31434.566787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31434.566787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31461.065266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31461.065266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21921.509886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21921.509886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19921.509886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19921.509886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149097000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149097000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45044.410876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45044.410876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43045.015106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43045.015106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       745000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       711000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       711000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41823.529412                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.967093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.967093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49636.165577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42831.408141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49636.165577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42831.408141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47636.165577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40831.958196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47636.165577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40831.958196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49636.165577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42831.408141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46023.653088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47636.165577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40831.958196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44023.945101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              498.923506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.690805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.935581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   302.297121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3738795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7386587000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110707                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34426972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203941                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              407728043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007387                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7386587000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7386576                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7386576                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8121                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3810                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11931                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6325                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    378869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    378869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.346461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.346461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59741.626794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60103.535354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.237154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59741.626794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60103.535354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.237154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          288                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              288                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57741.626794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58103.535354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57900.237154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57741.626794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58103.535354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57900.237154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1095                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    378869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.346461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59741.626794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60103.535354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.237154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.304352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57741.626794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58103.535354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57900.237154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3915.599605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.010959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.984027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2054.752487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1795.863092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.062706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.054805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.119495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.163208                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            29465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           29465                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    491415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    491415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30813.581640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30813.581640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30813.581640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30813.581640                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    459521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    459521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28813.707048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28813.707048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28813.707048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28813.707048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    491415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30813.581640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30813.581640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28813.707048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28813.707048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.646116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.646116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       423232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       423232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  423232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33665250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          227392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          177408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              404800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       227392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         227392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        18432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            18432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30784448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24017588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54802035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30784448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30784448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2495334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2495334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2495334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30784448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24017588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57297369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3553.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2770.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006191330500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14821                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 244                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6325                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         288                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6325                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       288                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49567250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                168123500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7839.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26589.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4673                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6325                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   288                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.779681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    167.120784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.307122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           537     31.72%     31.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          565     33.37%     65.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          262     15.48%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           94      5.55%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      3.60%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      2.66%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      1.36%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      1.00%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           89      5.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      391.266667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     182.955970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     743.699101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     46.67%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     13.33%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.200000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.171629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  404672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    16512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   404800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 18432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7352236000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1111785.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       227392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       177280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        16512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30784447.539844855666                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24000258.847557064146                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2235403.170638889074                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3553                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          288                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     93859750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     74263750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 111011590250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26417.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26790.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 385456910.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6347460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3373755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23383500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              433260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      582678720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         993269460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2000012160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3609498315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.655764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5189920500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    246480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1950186500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5740560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3051180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21762720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              913500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      582678720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         885383280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2090863680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3590393640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.069363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5426709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    246480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1713397250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    397721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    400275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28279.365757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28279.365757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28236.103273                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28236.103273                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26279.365757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26279.365757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26236.103273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26236.103273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    172002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20557.188957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20557.188957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18557.188957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18557.188957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225719000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    225719000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39620.677550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39620.677550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214325000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214325000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37620.677550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37620.677550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2554000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2554000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2330000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2330000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20803.571429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.440223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.440223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    603547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    603547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30571.134904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37470.221817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33058.388563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30571.134904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37470.221817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33058.388563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28571.306210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35470.221817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31058.498110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28571.306210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35470.221817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31058.498110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    603547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30571.134904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37470.221817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33058.388563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28571.306210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35470.221817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31058.498110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.381202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.262180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   169.339735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   243.779287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.330742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.476131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7386587000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11166512000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  82719                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34445036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155757                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              307887370                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011167                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11166512000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11166501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11166501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16289                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22848                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3134                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8198                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    492900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    492900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.264060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.264060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60026.066351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60283.343969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60124.420590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60026.066351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60283.343969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60124.420590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          331                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              331                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    476504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    476504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58026.066351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58283.343969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58124.420590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58026.066351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58283.343969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58124.420590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1773                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    492900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.264060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60026.066351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60283.343969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60124.420590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58026.066351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58283.343969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58124.420590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4683.800209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.661591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.923764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2527.838634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2087.037811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.077144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.142938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.199921                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            45493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           45493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    833113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    833113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27562.793621                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.793621                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27562.793621                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.793621                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    772661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    772661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25562.793621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25562.793621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25562.793621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25562.793621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    833113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27562.793621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.793621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    772661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25562.793621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25562.793621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.442919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.442919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       545856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       545856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  545856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43651500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          324096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          200576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              524672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       324096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         324096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        21184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            21184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29023924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17962279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46986203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29023924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29023924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1897101                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1897101                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1897101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29023924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17962279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48883304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       330.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5064.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3129.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007276342750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19576                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 295                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8198                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         331                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       331                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      66135000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                219753750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8072.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26822.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5974                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      258                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8198                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   331                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.492958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.425949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    243.391326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           743     32.70%     32.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          768     33.80%     66.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          338     14.88%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          133      5.85%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           82      3.61%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      2.29%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.45%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.97%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          101      4.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      422.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     207.639461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     698.722048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              8     44.44%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     16.67%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.970143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                12     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  524352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    19968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   524672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 21184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11166030000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1309183.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       324096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       200256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        19968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29023924.391072161496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17933621.528369825333                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1788203.872435725760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5064                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3134                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          331                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    135205000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     84548750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 209736516750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26699.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26977.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 633645065.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6954360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3696330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25125660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              490680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      881393760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1153874370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3316257120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5387792280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.495544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8610207750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    372840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2183464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9274860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4925910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33372360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1137960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      881393760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1668631680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2882777280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5481513810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.888633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7477695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    372840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3315976750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    520601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    523991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26033.955093                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26033.955093                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26005.806740                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26005.806740                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    480609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24034.055108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24034.055108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24005.906000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24005.906000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    258719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19666.970734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19666.970734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17667.122767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17667.122767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261882000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    261882000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38275.650395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38275.650395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248198000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248198000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36275.650395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36275.650395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3086000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3086000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20302.631579                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.645227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.645227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    571433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    880102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    571433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    880102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26761.251346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31841.242005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28347.408767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26761.251346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31841.242005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28347.408767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24761.251346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29841.448319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26347.473186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24761.251346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29841.448319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26347.473186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    571433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    880102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26761.251346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31841.242005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28347.408767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24761.251346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29841.448319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26347.473186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.621701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.124246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.940250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.557205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11166512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15268706000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85487                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34461600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   161836                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              326307109                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015269                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15268706000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195338                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15268695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15268695                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387297                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053330                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971535                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503232                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31569      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806697     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13871      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849078     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493116      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        29349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        29349                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9774                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39123                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3375                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9708                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    584335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    584335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.198808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.198808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60087.636191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60385.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60191.079522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60087.636191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60385.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60191.079522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          419                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              419                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58087.636191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58385.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58191.079522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58087.636191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58385.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58191.079522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2320                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        29349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60087.636191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60385.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60191.079522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.177484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.256674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58087.636191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58385.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58191.079522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5244.839086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.895259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.465814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2908.541546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2264.831725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.160060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.229919                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66560                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144493                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1273851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1273851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1273851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1273851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25053.613925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25053.613925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25053.613925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25053.613925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1172163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1172163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23053.653260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23053.653260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23053.653260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23053.653260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50588                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1273851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1273851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25053.613925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25053.613925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1172163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23053.653260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23053.653260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.861255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5174532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.287736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.861255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246182                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       648128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       648128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  648128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11803000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           51686500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          405312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          216000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              621312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       405312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         405312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        26816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            26816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26545275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14146582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40691857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26545275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26545275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1756272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1756272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1756272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26545275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14146582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42448129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       417.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6333.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3361.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011001352500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23715                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 378                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9708                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         419                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9708                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       419                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      79201250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    48470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                260963750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8170.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26920.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7072                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      329                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9708                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   419                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.952452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    161.179231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    246.228212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           911     33.84%     33.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          886     32.91%     66.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          378     14.04%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          165      6.13%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          101      3.75%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      2.15%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.67%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      1.00%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          121      4.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      379.739130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     155.841222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     647.393320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     52.17%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      8.70%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     13.04%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      8.70%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.391304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.366182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.940944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     30.43%     30.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                16     69.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  620416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   621312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 26816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15263764000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1507234.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       405312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       215104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        25600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26545275.021995969117                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14087899.786661686376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1676631.929385502590                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6333                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3375                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          419                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    169486500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     91477250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 321023995250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26762.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27104.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 766167053.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8189580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4352865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29880900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              741240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1362266940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4716011040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7326136965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.813873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12247248750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2511857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11038440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5863275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39334260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1346760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2061104610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4127516160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7450897905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.984896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10709861000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4049245000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1477008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477866                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    650932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    650932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    654546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    654546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24285.788904                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24285.788904                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24272.110357                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24272.110357                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11927                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    597326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    597326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    600612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22285.788904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22285.788904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22272.110357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22272.110357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    363844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19080.392260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19080.392260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17080.392260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17080.392260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    287088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         532006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37120.248254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37120.248254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35120.248254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35120.248254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3614000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3614000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3286000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3286000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20036.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.277876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.475759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.277876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1199722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1199722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23308.998683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27985.930489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.356815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23308.998683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27985.930489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.356815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    760371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    760371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21309.054732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25985.930489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.397772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21309.054732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25985.930489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.397772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54473                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1199722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23308.998683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27985.930489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.356815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    760371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21309.054732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25985.930489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.397772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.798004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.593751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.214234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   203.990019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.430106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3254016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15268706000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19469572000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34473272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   171779                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              357750350                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000221                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19469572000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19469561                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19469561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991952                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18193139                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235176                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1920052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684876                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32836      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125673     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17353      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098197     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636928      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        48238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           62484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        48238                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14246                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          62484                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11484                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    686170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    686170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.200471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.155256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.200471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.155256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59955.889788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59294.232923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.087078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59955.889788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59294.232923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.087078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          526                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              526                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    663202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    663202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.200471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.200471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57955.889788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57294.232923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.087078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57955.889788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57294.232923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.087078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3505                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        48238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          62484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    686170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.200471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59955.889788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59294.232923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.087078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    663202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.140908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.200471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57955.889788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57294.232923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.087078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5849.651977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.794864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.784670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3376.337717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2400.529590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.103038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.073258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.178517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1905                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.249573                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97347                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6460262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6460262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75655                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1819075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1819075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1819075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1819075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24044.346045                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24044.346045                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24044.346045                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24044.346045                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1667767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1667767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1667767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1667767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22044.372480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22044.372480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22044.372480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22044.372480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75398                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6460262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1819075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1819075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24044.346045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24044.346045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1667767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1667767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22044.372480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22044.372480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.106957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.445038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.106957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611571                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       768640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       768640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  768640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           61100750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          506368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          228608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              734976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       506368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         506368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        33664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            33664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26008173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           11741809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37749982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26008173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26008173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1729057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1729057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1729057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26008173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          11741809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39479039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       449.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7912.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3448.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011001352500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            24                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            24                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28234                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 395                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11484                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11484                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       526                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      91756500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                304756500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8077.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26827.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      344                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11484                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   526                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     239.299048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    160.720478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    245.229107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1079     34.25%     34.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1020     32.38%     66.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          449     14.25%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          188      5.97%     86.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      4.10%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      2.00%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      1.59%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.02%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          140      4.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     170.231670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     660.324953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     12.50%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      4.17%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.416667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.392140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.928611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     29.17%     29.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     70.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  727040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    26752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   734976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 33664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         37.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19465342000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1620761.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       506368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       220672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        26752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26008173.163744945079                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11334198.820600679144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1374041.504353562603                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7912                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          526                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    210715500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     94041000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 331149988250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26632.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26327.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 629562715.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9396240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4994220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35742840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              741240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1536600000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1646119530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6090109920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9323703990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         478.885925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15816560500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    650000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3003011500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13094760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6960030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             45367560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1440720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1536600000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2488535070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5380707360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9472705500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.538970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13963413250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    650000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4856158750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885676                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36016                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    812165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    816626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22683.005167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22683.005167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22673.978232                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22673.978232                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    740555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    740555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    744594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20683.005167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20683.005167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20673.978232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20673.978232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35760                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18749.961114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18749.961114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16749.961114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16749.961114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329991000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    329991000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32707.998811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32707.998811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    309813000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309813000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30707.998811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30707.998811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4461000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4461000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21142.180095                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21142.180095                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4039000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4039000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19142.180095                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19142.180095                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.649452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.451007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.649452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1188497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1624786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1188497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1624786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21166.087870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24485.856999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21965.769444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21166.087870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24485.856999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21965.769444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1076197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1076197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19166.123488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22485.856999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19965.796482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19166.123488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22485.856999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19965.796482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1188497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1624786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21166.087870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24485.856999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21965.769444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1076197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19166.123488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22485.856999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19965.796482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.488885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.410991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   260.023178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   171.054716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.507858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.334091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4841856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19469572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23656954000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102780                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34474948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190899                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              405240356                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023657                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23656954000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499697                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875164                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23656943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23656943                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6149657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3534842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863463                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21752685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498405                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338374                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839969                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8466597     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20821      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82795      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348624     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784313      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144241                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        66986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           86553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        66986                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19567                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          86553                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3742                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12606                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    750157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532849000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    750157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60113.831227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58072.688402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59507.932730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60113.831227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58072.688402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59507.932730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          638                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              638                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    515121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    724945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    515121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    724945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58113.831227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56072.688402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57507.932730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58113.831227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56072.688402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57507.932730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4494                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        66986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          86553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    750157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60113.831227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58072.688402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59507.932730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    515121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    724945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58113.831227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56072.688402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57507.932730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6286.219257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.010013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.713761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3721.851657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2490.653839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.113582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.076009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.191840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.255341                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           128204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          128204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775196                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99968                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2319646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2319646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2319646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2319646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23203.885243                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23203.885243                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23203.885243                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23203.885243                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2119710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2119710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21203.885243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21203.885243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21203.885243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21203.885243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2319646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2319646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23203.885243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23203.885243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2119710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2119710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21203.885243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21203.885243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.265029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7847964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.706314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.265029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975132                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       847616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       847616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  847616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15796000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           67044250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          567296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              806784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       567296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         567296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        40832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            40832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23980095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10123366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34103461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23980095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23980095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1726004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1726004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1726004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23980095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10123366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35829465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       450.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8864.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3493.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011001352500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            24                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            24                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                31416                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 395                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         638                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     100940250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    61785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                332634000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8168.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26918.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8954                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      344                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   638                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.145240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    158.364787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    241.352673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1212     34.86%     34.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1129     32.47%     67.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          484     13.92%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          210      6.04%     87.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          146      4.20%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.87%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      1.44%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.98%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          147      4.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     170.231670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     660.324953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     12.50%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      4.17%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.416667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.392140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.928611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     29.17%     29.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     70.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  790848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    26752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   806784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 40832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23625235000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1783844.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       567296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       223552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        26752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23980094.816940505058                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 9449737.273868815973                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1130830.283560596872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8864                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3742                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          638                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    237460500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     95173500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 331149988250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26789.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25433.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 519043868.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9960300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5294025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37949100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              741240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1867276320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1824043320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7548234240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11293498545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.385996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19605457500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    789880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3261616500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14865480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7901190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             50279880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1440720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1867276320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2907721050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6635663520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11485148160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.487192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17221600500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    789880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5645473500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292695                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47334                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1008575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1013622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2340029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21417.574483                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21417.574483                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21414.247687                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21414.247687                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22117                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    914395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    914395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    918956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19417.616954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19417.616954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19414.289940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19414.289940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47077                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    625757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18421.955959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18421.955959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16421.955959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16421.955959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    382818000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    382818000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29171.530900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29171.530900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27171.683304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27171.683304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5047000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5047000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20769.547325                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20769.547325                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4561000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18769.547325                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18769.547325                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.888504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2270240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.223973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.888504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387362                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1501171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2014012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1501171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2014012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19791.311800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22000.900901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20310.730133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19791.311800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22000.900901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20310.730133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1815694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1815694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17791.311800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20000.986701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18310.750303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17791.311800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20000.986701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18310.750303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112206                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1501171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2014012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19791.311800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22000.900901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20310.730133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1815694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17791.311800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20000.986701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18310.750303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.933363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.156780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   284.726316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.050267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.556106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6397952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10842752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23656954000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27832252000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115252                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34476128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212704                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              458246430                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027832                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27832252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12918852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763992                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27832252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27832252                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7107748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091042                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030030                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508801                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508801                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426035                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12599985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12599985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25296935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35314      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792212     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83341      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69160      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74035      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601548     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929889      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161149      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62833      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12918890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        84489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          110354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        84489                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25865                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         110354                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13726                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    813090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    813090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60103.284935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57142.465753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59237.214046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60103.284935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57142.465753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59237.214046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              751                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    785638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    785638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58103.284935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55142.465753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57237.214046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58103.284935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55142.465753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57237.214046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5362                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        84489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         110354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    813090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60103.284935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57142.465753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59237.214046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58103.284935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55142.465753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57237.214046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6603.379778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.413921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.370368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3971.721801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2557.287610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.121207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.078042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.201519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.264282                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           160046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          160046                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122780                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2784886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2784886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2784886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2784886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22681.918879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22681.918879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22681.918879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22681.918879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2539326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2539326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2539326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2539326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20681.918879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20681.918879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20681.918879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20681.918879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122524                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2784886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2784886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22681.918879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22681.918879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2539326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2539326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20681.918879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20681.918879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.375287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.021029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.375287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333862                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       926528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       926528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  926528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           72980750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          621504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          256960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              878464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       621504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         621504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        48064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            48064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22330353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            9232454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31562807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22330353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22330353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1726917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1726917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1726917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22330353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           9232454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33289724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       453.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9711.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3659.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.023885034500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34626                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 410                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13726                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         751                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13726                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       751                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    298                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     108653000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    66850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                359340500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8126.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26876.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      358                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13726                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   751                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     232.866860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    157.241925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.479447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1333     35.14%     35.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1230     32.43%     67.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          522     13.76%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          236      6.22%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          163      4.30%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           68      1.79%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.37%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      0.92%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          154      4.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      519.040000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     190.790285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     820.419531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     48.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      8.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     12.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      4.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      4.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            2      8.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.360000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.334196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     32.00%     32.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     68.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  855680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    27776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   878464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 48064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27829419000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1922319.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       621504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       234176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        27776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22330352.570823233575                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 8413835.862078282982                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 997978.891539211501                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9711                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4015                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          751                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    260036000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     99304500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 521799762250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26777.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24733.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 694806607.52                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10545780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5605215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39955440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              741240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2196723360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2008013670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8996626080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13258210785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.361409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23369046000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    929240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3533966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16543380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8789220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             55506360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1524240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2196723360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3287890530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7918835040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13485812130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.539021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20553543250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    929240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6349468750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696813                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1239666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1239666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1245885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1245885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20666.266567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20666.266567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20666.583727                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20666.583727                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28777                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1119696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1125315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1125315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18666.266567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18666.266567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18666.583727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18666.583727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60029                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    786223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    786223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18199.185204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18199.185204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    699821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    699821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16199.185204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16199.185204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453443000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    453443000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27016.384652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27016.384652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419875000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419875000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25016.384652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25016.384652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6219000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6219000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20730                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        20730                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5619000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5619000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        18730                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18730                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.055247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.734395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.055247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1788841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2398678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1788841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2398678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18989.819533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20409.538153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19331.705351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18989.819533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20409.538153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19331.705351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1600441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1600441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16989.819533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18409.538153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17331.705351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16989.819533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18409.538153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17331.705351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1788841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2398678000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18989.819533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20409.538153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19331.705351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1600441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16989.819533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18409.538153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17331.705351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.243393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.471011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   300.391471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.380911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.586702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.266369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354789                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5699968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27832252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
