
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3886677000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97896                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34237812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185152                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              380467937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003887                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3886677000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3886666                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3886666                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            7497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4621                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2876                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           7497                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1650                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3300                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    199627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    199627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.305640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.305640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60740.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60245.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60493.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60740.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60245.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60493.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               17                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58740.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58245.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58493.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58740.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58245.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58493.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   336                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           7497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.305640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60740.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60245.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60493.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.364560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58740.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58245.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58493.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1747.187527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.571429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.869148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1066.551949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   676.766429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.065097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.041307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.106640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.181641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    269056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    269056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27474.318391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27474.318391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27474.318391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27474.318391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25474.318391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25474.318391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25474.318391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25474.318391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27474.318391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27474.318391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25474.318391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25474.318391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.115801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.115801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       212288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       212288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  212288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17600250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          105600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          105600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              211200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         105600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             1088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27169739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27169739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54339478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27169739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27169739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          279931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                279931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          279931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27169739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27169739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              54619409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        17.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1650.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7477                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3300                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3300                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        5.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      29735500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    16155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 90316750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9203.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27953.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2227                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3300                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    17                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.960159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.824111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    228.909414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           449     44.72%     44.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          279     27.79%     72.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          122     12.15%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           56      5.58%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      3.09%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      1.39%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.60%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.60%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      4.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  206784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   211200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  1088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3836809000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1156710.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       105600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       101184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27169739.085599344224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26033549.996565189213                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1650                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1650                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           17                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     45208750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     45108000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27399.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27338.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2263380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1203015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              8760780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      306705360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         400590870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1155144480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1874667885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.331793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2999220500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    129740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    757716500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4905180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2607165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14308560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      306705360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         770501490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         843640800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1942668555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.827630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2185401750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    129740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1571535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    261449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26762.940500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26762.940500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26643.126465                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26643.126465                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24763.149639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24763.149639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24643.330276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24643.330276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23850.115075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23850.115075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21850.402762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21850.402762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34518.575259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34518.575259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32518.575259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32518.575259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5515000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5515000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        22060                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22060                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5015000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5015000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20060                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20060                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.329086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.329086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.927067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.927067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    333388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    333388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28455.589220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34226.419262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30874.976848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28455.589220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34226.419262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30874.976848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    311794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    311794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26455.589220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32226.861056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28875.162067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26455.589220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32226.861056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28875.162067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28455.589220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34226.419262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30874.976848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26455.589220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32226.861056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28875.162067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.111966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.425803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.490988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.195174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.520490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.965062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3886677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7577925000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111222                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34241216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191467                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              421359216                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7577925000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7577914                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7577914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1852858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                58285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               27033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7007588                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8006      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637186     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5270      0.15%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5582      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4702      0.14%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7659      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 737      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1884      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 180      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2745      0.08%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                179      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443926     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317958      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4713      0.14%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1554      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6447                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14190                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3935                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    237094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    237094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.217103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.217103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.402570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59770.198355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60252.604828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.402570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59770.198355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60252.604828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               38                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229224000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58786.402570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57770.198355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58252.604828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58786.402570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57770.198355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58252.604828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   563                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123545000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.217103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60786.402570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59770.198355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60252.604828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58786.402570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57770.198355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58252.604828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2380.760578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.911190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.191609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1295.521708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1079.047260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.079072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.145310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.206787                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            34705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           34705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    351988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    351988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25328.344247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25328.344247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25328.344247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25328.344247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    324194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23328.344247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23328.344247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23328.344247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23328.344247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13641                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    351988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25328.344247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25328.344247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23328.344247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23328.344247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.942222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2317765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.911663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.942222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       254272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       254272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  254272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20965750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          119552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          132288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              251840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       119552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         119552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  38                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15776350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17457022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33233372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15776350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15776350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          320932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                320932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          320932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15776350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17457022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33554304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        37.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1868.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1990.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014086038500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9699                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  15                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3935                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          38                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3935                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        38                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      77                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34380750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106718250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8911.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27661.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2726                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       10                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 27.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3935                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    38                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     218.005277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.012084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    242.921370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           496     43.62%     43.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          312     27.44%     71.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          137     12.05%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           62      5.45%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      3.34%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      1.76%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.88%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.62%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      4.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            3500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    3500.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  246912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   251840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         32.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7577071000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1907140.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       119552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       127360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15776350.386154521257                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16806711.599811293185                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 135129.339495970198                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1868                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2067                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           38                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51266000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     55452250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  42143678500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27444.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26827.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1109044171.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2520420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1339635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9988860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               46980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      598044720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         500080950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2488802400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3600823965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.172816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6465461000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    252980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    859484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5604900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2975280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17557260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      598044720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         948701160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2111016960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3683936820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.140575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5478498250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    252980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1846446750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    519440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    539679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20826.751133                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20826.751133                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21257.247519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21257.247519                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18826.751133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18826.751133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19257.326296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19257.326296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    367026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19235.155390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19235.155390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17235.155390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17235.155390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152414000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152414000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26009.215017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26009.215017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24009.215017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24009.215017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20239000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20239000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45277.404922                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45277.404922                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19347000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19347000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43281.879195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43281.879195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.423789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  756063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.084875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.423789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    464849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    464849000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26206.614552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25169.809398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25645.426459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26206.614552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25169.809398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25645.426459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24206.614552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23170.013250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23645.536798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24206.614552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23170.013250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23645.536798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29344                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    464849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26206.614552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25169.809398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25645.426459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24206.614552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23170.013250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23645.536798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.825323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.478308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.348709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.998306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.408884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7577925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11941419000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111298                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34260800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              443016222                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011941                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11941419000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11941408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11941408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769514                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764629                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276565                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238546                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111575                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11422      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010505     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18674      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6294      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24924      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614629     11.54%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441620      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37429      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17897      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16010                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11789                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27799                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8334                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    500939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    500939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.158785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.230648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.158785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.230648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60683.322303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59780.496988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60107.871370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60683.322303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59780.496988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60107.871370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          438                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              438                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    484271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    484271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.158785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.158785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58683.322303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57780.496988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58107.871370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58683.322303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57780.496988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58107.871370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1720                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    500939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.158785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.230648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60683.322303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59780.496988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60107.871370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.158785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58683.322303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57780.496988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58107.871370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3542.291652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.100581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    17.464432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1426.986102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2097.841118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.128042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.216204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6675                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.407410                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    771885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    771885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    771885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    771885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22374.126786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22374.126786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22374.126786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22374.126786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    702889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    702889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    702889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    702889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20374.184759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20374.184759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20374.184759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20374.184759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34242                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    771885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    771885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22374.126786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22374.126786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    702889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    702889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20374.184759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20374.184759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.424968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.193855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.424968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017231                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       561408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       561408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  561408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44356000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          193408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          339968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              533376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       193408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         193408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        28032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            28032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           438                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 438                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16196400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28469648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               44666048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16196400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16196400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2347460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2347460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2347460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16196400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28469648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47013508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5216.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014086038500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19972                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 381                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         438                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       438                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      69728500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                224191000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8464.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27214.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5969                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   438                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     233.765004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    151.838744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.069369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           933     39.43%     39.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          713     30.14%     69.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          233      9.85%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          168      7.10%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           94      3.97%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      3.00%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.80%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.68%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          119      5.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      348.086957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     113.145521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     817.485886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             13     56.52%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7     30.43%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.565217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.544960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.843482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     21.74%     21.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     78.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  527232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    25856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   533376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 28032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         44.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      44.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11889723000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1355417.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       193408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       333824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        25856                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16196400.109568217769                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27955136.655032370239                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2165236.811471065506                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3022                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5312                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          438                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     82632250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    141558750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 174199061500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27343.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26648.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 397714752.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7161420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3806385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28631400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1242360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      942243120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1347263970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3450967200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5781315855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.139771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8958462500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    398580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2584376500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9731820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5172585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30187920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              866520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      942243120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1812193020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3059448000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5859842985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.715801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7936251000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    398580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3606588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    970186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    970186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1066935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1066935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21745.248341                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21745.248341                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23154.473838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23154.473838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    880954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    974777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    974777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19745.248341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19745.248341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21154.473838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21154.473838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19293.913790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19293.913790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    523971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17293.913790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17293.913790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385619000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    385619000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26932.462634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26932.462634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24932.462634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24932.462634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.923016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.509875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.923016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157795                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    954000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    954000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22316.870698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30948.073212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26401.726905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22316.870698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30948.073212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26401.726905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    881734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    881734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20316.975779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28948.073212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24401.782255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20316.975779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28948.073212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24401.782255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50421                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    954000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22316.870698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30948.073212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26401.726905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    881734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20316.975779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28948.073212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24401.782255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.177827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.029866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   197.576539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.571422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.385892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159533                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2207872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6950336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11941419000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15614967000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218500                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469755989                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15614967000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            828573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      851781                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      568445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5274550                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15614956                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15614956                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3946915                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2363842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      141402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7039678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7039678                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13807393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5614811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      851522                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1419951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     568429                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13031      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5627115     77.48%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.24%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.17%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.28%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.10%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.35%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.50%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.34%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.04%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.71%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   810335     11.16%     91.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  548815      7.56%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7263095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           37649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18085                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          37649                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11207                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    669691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    669691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.229388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.229388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60932.903604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59241.339492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59756.491479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60932.903604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59241.339492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59756.491479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446139000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    647277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    647277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58932.903604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57241.339492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57756.491479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58932.903604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57241.339492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57756.491479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2430                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          37649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.229388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60932.903604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59241.339492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59756.491479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    647277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58932.903604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57241.339492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57756.491479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4565.105033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.811523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.009625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1575.563764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2966.531645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.096165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.181063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.278632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.539612                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            81677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           81677                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    914224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    914224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22116.895684                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22116.895684                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22116.895684                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22116.895684                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    831552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    831552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20116.895684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20116.895684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20116.895684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20116.895684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41080                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22116.895684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22116.895684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    831552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20116.895684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20116.895684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.030765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.863023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.030765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       754496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       754496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  754496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           59554250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          218432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          498816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              717248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       218432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         218432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13988630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           31944736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45933366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13988630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13988630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2385404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2385404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2385404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13988630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          31944736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48318770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3413.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7697.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014086038500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26799                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 525                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11207                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      88998250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    55550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                297310750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8010.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26760.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8340                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11207                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     257.901209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    165.028775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    273.780444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1037     35.82%     35.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          849     29.33%     65.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          353     12.19%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      7.01%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      3.97%     88.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      2.76%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.04%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.83%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          204      7.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      272.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.669434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     701.139487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             20     62.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     25.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.406250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.382415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.910844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     28.12%     28.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.12%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     68.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  711040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   717248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         45.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15613888000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1324445.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       218432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       492608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13988630.267358234152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31547168.815662562847                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2282937.901822014712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3413                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          582                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     94177750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    203133000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 222611794000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27593.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26062.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 382494491.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9117780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4846215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             38898720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1691280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1232353200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1802975550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4477852320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7567735065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.646241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11623488500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    521300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3470178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11559660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6140310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40426680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1232353200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2342773530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4023285600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7657755240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.411234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10436924250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    521300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4656742750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1324182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1324182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1420931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1420931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23400.816442                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23400.816442                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24477.708872                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24477.708872                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1211010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1304833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21400.851786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21400.851786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22477.743325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22477.743325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      57793                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    877209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    877209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21748.623990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21748.623990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    796543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19748.673576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19748.673576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446973000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    446973000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27500.953670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27500.953670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414467000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414467000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25500.953670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25500.953670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.352676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1410949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 57793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.413839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.352676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1478226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1478226                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    499839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782566000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1282405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    499839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1282405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.491588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21753.884319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30238.253478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26248.132304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21753.884319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30238.253478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26248.132304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19753.884319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28238.330757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24248.173240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19753.884319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28238.330757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24248.173240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65432                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    499839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1282405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21753.884319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30238.253478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26248.132304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19753.884319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28238.330757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24248.173240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.547540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 131429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.008635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.402884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   171.483305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   236.661352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.334928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.462229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               198064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              198064                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       148833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  231505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5810112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8455616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            263056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           290245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15614967000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18911108000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233078                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              481293845                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000074                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18911108000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055533                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1043960                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      678726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6539958                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18911097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18911097                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4907549                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2917794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       721413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8934782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8934782                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17612519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7172674                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1043701                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1722411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     678710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13032      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7219759     78.83%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.19%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.14%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.08%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.28%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.39%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.27%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.56%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1002514     10.95%     92.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  659096      7.20%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.45%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9158200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           45159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25595                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          45159                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    682373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    682373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        56574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        56574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.201771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.201771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60926.900585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59778.624617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60926.900585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59778.624617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    659543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    659543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58926.900585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57778.624617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58926.900585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57778.624617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2469                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          45159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    682373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        56574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.201771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60926.900585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59778.624617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58926.900585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57778.624617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5333.984649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.778453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.796692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1631.359441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3676.828515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.224416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.325561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.549927                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            91304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           91304                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    914752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    914752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22125.922163                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.922163                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22125.922163                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.922163                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    832066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    832066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20125.922163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20125.922163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20125.922163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20125.922163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41087                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22125.922163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.922163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    832066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20125.922163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20125.922163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.373996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.852386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.373996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6581301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6581301                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       767808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       767808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  767808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           60670250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          218880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          511680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              730560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       218880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         218880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11574150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27057114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               38631264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11574150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11574150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1969636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1969636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1969636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11574150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27057114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40600900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3420.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014086038500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28061                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 525                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11415                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11415                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      90840250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                303052750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8026.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26776.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11415                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     253.925827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.760293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.224735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1048     35.02%     35.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          935     31.24%     66.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          354     11.83%     78.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      6.78%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      3.84%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      2.67%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.00%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.80%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          204      6.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      272.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.669434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     701.139487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             20     62.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     25.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.406250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.382415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.910844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     28.12%     28.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.12%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     68.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  724352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   730560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         38.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      38.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16962405000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1413887.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       218880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       505472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11574149.965195059776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26728841.059973854572                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1885029.687313932227                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3420                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7995                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          582                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     94350250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    208702500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 222611794000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27587.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26104.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 382494491.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9324840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4956270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39298560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1691280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1492345920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1927237260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5638929120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9113783250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.927513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14640896500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    631280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3638931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12045180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6402165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41511960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1492345920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2573175510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5094981120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9221678115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.632883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13221012250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    631280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5058815750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1502089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1502089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1598838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1598838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22898.047226                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22898.047226                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23841.191733                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23841.191733                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1370893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1464716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1464716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20898.077715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20898.077715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21841.221556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21841.221556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1036445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1036445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21173.111887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21173.111887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    938545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    938545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19173.152745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19173.152745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27969.966362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27969.966362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25969.966362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25969.966362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.162689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.660295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.162689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1789696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1789696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             56575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            56575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894683000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1395005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1395005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.521886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21768.273582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26634.604507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24657.622625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21768.273582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26634.604507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24657.622625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    827503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    827503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19768.273582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24634.664047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.657976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19768.273582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24634.664047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.657976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     74151                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            56575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1395005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21768.273582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26634.604507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24657.622625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    827503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19768.273582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24634.664047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.657976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.323589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 142484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.921538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.927771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   141.629530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   275.766287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.177593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.276620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.538606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               217844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              217844                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       168899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  251585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6517568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9163520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            282285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           335305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18911108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22111180000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130213                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239199                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479848491                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000133                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22111180000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1277037                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1239023                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      786466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7811982                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22111169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22111169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5869655                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3457228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       841895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      269436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10798786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10798786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21397866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8707434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1238764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2025214                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     786450                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8780960     79.67%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.16%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.11%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.19%     80.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.06%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.23%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.33%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.22%     81.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.47%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1197577     10.87%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  766836      6.96%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.37%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11022205                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           47014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27450                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          47014                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    682439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    682439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        58430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        58430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.225561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.195379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.225561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60928.383514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59779.169587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60928.383514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59779.169587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    659607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    659607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.225561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.225561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.383514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57779.169587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.383514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57779.169587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2469                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          47014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    682439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        58430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.225561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.195379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60928.383514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59779.169587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.225561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.383514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57779.169587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5866.125849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.778453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.707560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1669.350390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4169.067900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.254460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.358040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.549988                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            93597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           93597                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    914835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    914835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    832147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    832147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22127.394543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.394543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    832147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20127.394543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.394543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.609322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4267063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.851806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.609322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7853326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7853326                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       767872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       767872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  767872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           60675750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          218944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          511680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              730624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       218944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         218944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9901959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23141234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33043194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9901959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9901959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1684578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1684578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1684578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9901959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23141234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              34727771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014086038500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28885                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 525                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      90854000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                303085250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8026.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26776.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     253.862391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.708913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.201884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1049     35.04%     35.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          935     31.23%     66.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          354     11.82%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      6.78%     84.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      3.84%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      2.67%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.00%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.80%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          204      6.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      272.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.669434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     701.139487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             20     62.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     25.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.406250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.382415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.910844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     28.12%     28.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.12%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     68.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  724416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   730624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         32.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19355026000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1613187.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       218944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       505472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9901959.099423911422                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22860471.489988323301                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1612216.082542858319                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7995                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          582                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     94382750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    208702500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 222611794000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27589.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26104.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 382494491.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9324840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4956270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39298560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1691280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1744962960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1973388450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6828892320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10602514680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.509220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17734108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    738140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3638931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12052320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6405960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41519100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1744962960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2620046040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6284338560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10710541200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.394827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16312632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    738140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5060408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1559024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1559024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1655773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22627.343977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22627.343977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23531.870443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23531.870443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1421226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1421226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1515049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1515049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20627.373004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20627.373004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21531.898867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21531.898867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      70106                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1092510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20931.716289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20931.716289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18931.754608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18931.754608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466514000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    466514000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27924.937148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27924.937148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433102000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433102000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25924.937148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25924.937148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.718049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1897829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 70106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.070850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.718049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2095800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2095800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             58431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            58431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1419197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1419197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21770.676528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25921.063025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24288.425664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21770.676528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25921.063025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24288.425664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    847908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    847908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19770.676528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23921.119449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22288.459893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19770.676528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23921.119449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22288.459893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     76343                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            58431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1419197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21770.676528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25921.063025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24288.425664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    847908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19770.676528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23921.119449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22288.459893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.855663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                76343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.909396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.866785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   121.256641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   296.732237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.177474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.236829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.579555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               224199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              224199                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  259050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6783936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9429952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            289892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           351810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22111180000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25306189000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 132450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243803                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              478826979                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25306189000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1498567                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1434060                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      893996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9083504                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25306189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25306189                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6832695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3996900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       962454                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      334090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12661689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12661689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25181068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10241277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1433802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2327782                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     893980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.10%      0.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10341295     80.26%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.14%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.10%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.16%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.05%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.20%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.28%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.19%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.02%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.40%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1392615     10.81%     92.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  874366      6.79%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.32%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12885108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           48709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29145                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          48709                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    682439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    682439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        60125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.215267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.215267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60928.383514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59779.169587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60928.383514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59779.169587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    659607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    659607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.215267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.215267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.383514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57779.169587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.383514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57779.169587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2469                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          48709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    682439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.215267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60928.383514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59287.429644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59779.169587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.215267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.383514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57287.429644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57779.169587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6263.178966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              84543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.364373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    29.133276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1697.713314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4536.332376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.103620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.276876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.382274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.549988                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            96023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           96023                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    914835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    914835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.394543                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    832147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    832147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.394543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22127.394543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.394543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    832147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20127.394543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.394543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.784900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9083504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                219.705495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.784900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9124848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9124848                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       767872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       767872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  767872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           60675750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          218944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          511680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              730624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       218944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         218944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8651797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20219560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28871356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8651797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8651797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1471893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1471893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1471893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8651797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20219560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30343249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014086038500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29707                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 525                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      90854000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                303085250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8026.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26776.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     253.862391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.708913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.201884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1049     35.04%     35.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          935     31.23%     66.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          354     11.82%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          203      6.78%     84.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      3.84%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      2.67%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.00%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.80%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          204      6.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      272.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.669434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     701.139487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             20     62.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     25.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.406250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.382415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.910844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     28.12%     28.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.12%     31.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     68.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  724416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   730624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19355026000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1613187.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       218944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       505472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8651796.602009097114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19974244.245152834803                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1408667.263174237683                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3421                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7995                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          582                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     94382750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    208702500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 222611794000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27589.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26104.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 382494491.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9324840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4956270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39298560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1691280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1997580000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2019539640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8016912000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12089302590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.721185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20822257500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    845000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3638931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12052320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6405960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41519100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1997580000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2666197230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7472358240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12197329110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         481.989963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19400781000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    845000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5060408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1612028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1612028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1708777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1708777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22395.498750                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22395.498750                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.710238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23266.710238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1468068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1561891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20395.498750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20395.498750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21266.710238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21266.710238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      73187                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1143540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20737.342231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20737.342231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1033252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18737.342231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18737.342231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27826.562129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27826.562129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434816000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434816000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25826.562129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25826.562129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96749000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93823000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64130.553657                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.132409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2328005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 73443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.698120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.132409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2401448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2401448                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             60125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            60125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1441232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1441232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21770.676528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25332.067851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23970.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21770.676528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25332.067851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23970.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    866553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1320982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    866553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1320982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19770.676528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23332.067851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21970.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19770.676528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23332.067851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21970.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78642                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            60125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    500399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    940833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1441232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21770.676528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25332.067851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23970.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    866553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1320982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19770.676528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23332.067851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21970.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.252648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.911489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.553538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   105.985418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   313.713691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36515                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7037312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9683328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           367215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25306189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
